Q3 2009 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• William Prip, Investor Relations 
• Mel Karmazin, Chief Executive Officer 
• David J. Frear, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
• James Meyer 
• James Mayer 
• Scott Greenstein 
Other Participants 

• Lev Polinsky 
• David Bank 
• Jim Goss 
• Joseph Stauff 
• Murray Arenson 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, everyone and welcome to today's SIRIUS XM Radio's Third Quarter 2009 Earnings Conference. Just as a 
reminder, today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over William Prip, Senior 
Vice President, Treasurer and Investor Relations. Mr. Prip, please go ahead, sir. 

William Prip, Investor Relations 

Thank you, Sara and good morning, everyone and welcome to SIRIUS XM Radio's earnings conference call. Today, 
Mel Karmazin our CEO will be joined by David Frear, our EVP and CFO. They will review SIRIUS XM's third quarter 
2009 financial results. At the conclusion of our prepared remarks, management will be glad to take the questions. Jim 
Meyer, President, Operations and Sales, and Scott Greenstein, President and Chief Content Officer, will also be 
available for the Q&A portion of the call. 

First, I would like to remind everyone that certain statements made during the call might be forward-looking statements 
as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These and all forward-looking statements are based 
on management's current beliefs and expectations, and necessarily depend upon assumptions, data or methods that may 
be incorrect or imprecise. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual 
results to differ materially. For more information about those risks and uncertainties, please see SIRIUS XM's SEC 
filings. We caution listeners to not rely unduly on forward-looking statements and disclaim any intent or obligation to 
update them. 

As we begin, I would like to caution our listeners that today's results may include discussions of both actual results and 
pro forma results. Listeners are cautioned to take special care to ensure accuracy in looking at today's report. I'll now 
hand the call over to Mel Karmazin. 


Mel Karmazin, Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks Will, and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining our call today. The company's quarterly results 
demonstrate the strength of our differentiated business model. The subscription audio entertainment model is very alive 
and doing very well. I am happy to report that despite the various economic headwinds that all companies are facing 
today, the financial and operational metrics we use to measure the health of our company continues to show very 
positive momentum. Compared to last year, we grew revenue, grew ARPU, reduced operating costs, increased adjusted 
income from operations, which we refer to as adjusted EBITDA, and increased cash flow significantly, added to our 
great content, introduced new products and refinanced expensive debt. 

We were also pleased this quarter that we grew subscribers and improved churn. Our subscriber base is large, loyal and 
satisfied, and is expanding again with a net addition of over 100,000 subscribers in the third quarter. ARPU continues 
to grow because of the steps we've taken to improve the economics of this business. Consequently, our revenue grew 
this quarter to a record third-quarter revenue, the best ever in Satellite Radio history, of $630 million. 

At the same time, we continue to manage expenses aggressively by continuing to squeeze out merger related synergies, 
and also by simply making smart business decisions, which resulted in a 19% improvement in operating expenses verse 
the same period last year. Combining revenue growth with expense reduction allowed us to generate 106 million of 
adjusted EBITDA in the third quarter this year verse negative 37 million for the same quarter last year, a swing of $143 
million. 

Similarly, free cash flow for the quarter was $27 million verse negative 98 million, a substantial positive swing of 
approximately $125 million. As I said before, SIRIUS XM truly is a cash flow growth story. In fact, this quarter marks 
the fourth consecutive quarter of positive adjusted income from operations. You can expect us to continue reporting 
positive adjusted income from operations going forward. 

Today, we are confirming guidance for the year at over 400 million of adjusted EBITDA. The two satellite radios 
combined ended 2007 with an adjusted EBITDA loss of $565 million. Before the merger, the two companies lost $565 
million. After the merger, the company is going to report over $400 million, a $1 billion turnaround in two years. The 
scale of our business is now sufficient to more than cover our fixed costs and we're now at a point that will allow us to 
demonstrate the operational leverage inherent in our business model. 

Simply put, our fixed cost base would not materially change whether we are serving 18.5 million, 20 million or 25 
million subscribers or even 50 million subscribers, for that matter. Thus, as we grow our subscriber base, in the coming 
years, these customers will be driving tremendous cash flow for the company, with almost $0.70 of each incremental 
subscriber revenue dollar hitting our cash coffers. When we combine the basic economic model with the idea that we 
expect to finish our satellite replacement cycle over the next couple of years, it should be no surprise that we expect this 
company to drive tremendous free cash flow in the years ahead. 

The quarter highlights also include an improvement is self paid churn, which dropped below 2% for the first time this 
year. At 196 for the third quarter it represents significant progress from the 2.2 reported for the first quarter this year. 

We expect to bring this figure down over time as the economy recovers and consumers begin to feel less pressure on 
their discretionary spending. David will discuss some additional financial highlights and expand on some of the metrics 
I just discussed. So let me speak generally about the state of the business and the financial health of the company. 

First, we have taken steps to greatly enhance our liquidity and strengthen our balance sheet. We completed two 
financings during the summer months, which not only lowered cash interest expense but extended debt maturities. We 
ended the quarter with approximately $380 million in cash with only 82 million of debt due by the end of this year and 
no maturities next year. 

As we noted on our last call, following the end of the second quarter we repurchased a $179 million of debt that would 
have matured this December. Similarly last month, we repurchased nearly 59 million of our next meaningful maturity, 
the 10% senior secured tech notes due in 2011. We believe both repurchases were prudent steps to reduce our interest 
cost while maintaining sufficient liquidity for the company's operations. 


Next regarding our core operations, I am extremely happy with the state of our business today and what's ahead for us. 
The financial performance we reported today speaks for itself. We are firing on all cylinders, and we're not sitting idle 
just waiting and hoping for a full recovery in the auto sector. Regardless of how quickly that sector recovers, SIRIUS 
XM will continue to grow. We will add subscribers, introduce new products, improve ARPU, manage churn and 
control costs. 

The great thing about our relationship with the automakers is that they are very effective ways for us to market to 
potential customers. With penetration currently at 55% and conversion rates at 46.8%, we can be highly confident that 
new subscribers will be joining us as they are introduced to our service. 

In addition, we've just recently begun to aggressively pursue the used car market and believe that there is a tremendous 
opportunity to convert already installed, but dormant, satellite radios into paying subscriptions. As you know, we have 
established relationships with the OEMs to market our service through their various certified pre-owned programs. We 
have also recently established a relationship with the nation's largest used car dealer as well. Between new and used car 
sales, plus the aftermarket, we believe the company subscriber base will continue to grow. 

On the new products front, we introduced the SIRIUS XM iPhone application to allow customers to stay connected to 
the best audio content available, whether they are in their cars, homes and offices, or if they are on the move. Similarly, 
available now in retailers across the country, including Apple stores and Best Buy stores, is the new XM Skydock, 
which allows iPhone and iPod touch users to use their handheld device to receive live satellite radio. It installs easily 
and allows subscribers to hear our differentiated content. It automatically charges your iPhone and is easily portable 
from car to car. 

Similarly, we're taking advantage of the prevalence of home WiFi networks by bringing to the retail market a wireless 
IP tabletop radio that gives our subscribers access to the vast amount of content that they've come to expect from 
SIRIUS XM, but without the need for a computer. 

So in addition to introducing innovative new products, we continue to provide innovative new content, sometimes in 
response to news events as they happen. For example, we introduced the Michael Jackson Channel immediately 
following his unexpected death, dedicated to The King of Pop's extensive music catalogue. Similarly, we responded to 
Senator Ted Kennedy's death with a tribute and discussions across numerous channels about the Senator's life and 
times. 

Our recent programming additions, whether it's comedy ,such as Monty Python Radio; sports, which included Reggie 
Jackson hosting a six-week post-season Major League Baseball talk program; Frights and Fun, our pop up channel for 
Halloween; or politics, like our coverage of the National Equality March in Washington, D.C., all continue to illustrate 
the vast and flexible scope of our business, allowing us to deliver timely and culturally relevant entertainment and 
information to our subscribers. 

We are particularly excited about Rosie O'Donnell joining SIRIUS XM for an exclusive daily radio show called Rosie 
Radio, which debuted earlier this week. There is no -- there is no audio entertainment content that comes close to 
delivering what subscribers receive from SIRIUS XM every day. Also significant, beginning in ten days, we will be 
launching the most aggressive brand marketing advertising campaign in our history. With so much media coverage 
about our merger and past liquidity issues, it's now time for current and potential subscribers to hear about our great 
and differentiated content, and they will hear about it with the most exciting campaign we've prepared. 

With respect to ARPU, the increase we experienced in the third quarter is the consequence of deliberate steps we've 
taken to make our business model more profitable. Over the past year, we introduced the best of service to both SIRIUS 
and XM subscribers, increased pricing on our multi radio subscription plans, and began charging for streaming on the 
Internet, including on the iPhone. 

Obviously, price increases can help profitability, but subscriber numbers can suffer as a consequence too. Perhaps this 
year's increase in self-pay churn was partly driven by the various pricing actions we took earlier this year. I personally 
suspect, however, that the economy is the root cause of most of the increase in churn. As you know, we introduced our 


music royalty pass-through fee to our subscribers starting August 1. 

At the end of the third quarter, approximately 40% of our subscribers have been charged for this incremental cost, and 
we are very pleased with the results to date. We will keenly analyze churn over the coming quarters to better determine 
the impact of this pass-through cost. 

Finally, in the area of controlling costs, certainly our record is very clear on this matter. Cash operating costs for the 
first nine months of 2009 were down almost $0.5 billion, or almost 25% from last year. We know how to squeeze costs 
out of the system, and you should look forward to more of that in the quarters to come. 

Some of that will come from additional cost synergies one might expect as a result of a merger, but we also expect to 
realize additional cost reductions in the area of content and in our contractual economics, including OEM agreements 
that will roll over. We have various contracts coming up for renewal over the next several quarters, and we hope to see 
additional cost savings as we renegotiate and extend those contracts. 

All in, I am very happy with where we are today, but most importantly, the company is strongly positioned to grow 
even more aggressively as the economy and the auto sector rebound. I'm also very pleased with the guidance we 
provided you for 2010 earlier today in our press release. Obviously, there is a great deal of uncertainty surrounding 
macroeconomic issues. With that in mind, we assumed a conservative estimate for 2010 SAR of 11 million cars and 
light trucks. 

In that scenario, we will finish 2010 with an increase in net adds, our revenue will grow mid-to-high single digits, we're 
forecasting growing adjusted EBITDA over 20%, and we will not only be free cash flow positive, we will increase 
SIRIUS XM free cash flow over the 2009 results. 

Today, management focus is on sub growth, retention, costs, EBITDA and free cash flow growth. I am looking forward 
to telling you about how we're doing in the quarters to come and remain very confident in our ability to execute on our 
plan. 

Now, I'll turn it over to David for some additional comments on our financial results. 

David J. Frear, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks, Mel. SIRIUS XM's third quarter shows phenomenal progress in improving our results and balance sheet. If 
you're looking for evidence of realizing synergies from the merger, you will see it here. In the first nine months of this 
year, we have now generated $347 million of adjusted income from operations, a positive swing of 515 million from 
the first nine months of 2008. 

Cash operating expenses year-to-date were $465 million lower than 2008. Even if you isolate the impact of lower gross 
adds resulting from the automotive industry's slump, cash operating expenses were lower by $375 million in just nine 
months. We continue to grow our revenue with increased ARPU through the sale of our best sub packages and data 
services. We will continue to maintain the cost discipline we have consistently demonstrated and the company is well 
positioned to capitalize on the economic rebound. 

October saw U.S. auto sales return to double digits at 10.4 million, a very encouraging sign following the 
Cash-for-Clunker's program this summer. Many industry estimates for 2010 place U.S. auto sales in the 11.5 million 
range, up significantly from the nine to ten million pace we have seen in much of 2009. 

Now most of the results I will discuss today will be based on pro forma combined company figures without purchase 
price adjustments, which we believe represents the best way to observe the core trends underlying the business. With a 
slight decline in churn from Q2, and an increase in auto sales, we were able to resume subscriber growth in the third 
quarter adding approximately 102,000 net subscribers to finish the quarter with 18.5 million. Both our self-paid and 
promotional subscriber bases have increased since the end Q2, 35,000 and 67,000 respectively. 


Our self-pay base was 15.5 million at the end of the third quarter compared to 15.2 million a year prior. Our paid 
promotional base is about 3.1 million at the end of the third quarter compared to 3.7 million at the end of the third 
quarter of '08, lower by nearly 700,000 subs due to the dramatic fall off in North American auto sales. 

In addition to the paid promotional subscriptions we have historically reported, we want to highlight the growing 
number of unpaid promotional trials resulting from the increasing volume of installations with Kia, Hyundai, Toyota 
and Nissan, among others. Unpaid promotional trials, which are not included in our subscriber account because there is 
no associated subscription payment from the automakers, exceeded 600,000 at the end of the third quarter and represent 
a visible source of self-pay additions in coming quarters. Unpaid trials are generally 90 days long and have historically 
converted at rates a little below our reported conversion rates on paid promotional trials. 

Our self-pay churn rate in the third quarter improved to slightly less than 2%, encouraging performance in light of the 
ongoing impact of steps we have taken to increase free cash flow growth including the $2 per month price hike for 
multi radio subscriptions and the 2.99 per month charge for online streaming. 

As we discussed on the last call, we implemented the U.S. music recovery fee on August 1. This fee, which is akin to a 
tax, is reflected in other revenue in our income statement. Over 40% of our self-pay subscriber base has been assessed 
this fee so for. We are particularly pleased with the uptick in our conversion rate in the third quarter, moving up to 
approximately 47% from the 44 to 45% we had been seen in the previous several months. This improvement was 
driven by implementing best practices across both platforms, and we are optimistic that this quarter's conversion results 
are sustainable despite what is expected to be a negative influence as the Cash-for-Clunkers sales trials come up for 
conversion over the next several months. 

Total revenue grew approximately 3% or $17 million versus the same period a year ago to 630 million, primarily 
driven by a 3% increase in ARPU plus the collection of additional music recovery fee revenues, which are not included 
in our ARPU. We achieved this revenue growth despite a 1.7% decline in average subscribers versus the same period 
last year. The increase in ARPU would have been higher on a subscription-only basis, which is good news-bad news 
story. 

The good news is that our core business is becoming more profitable, but the bad news is that our advertising business 
is suffering right now as is the case across the media sector. Ad revenue fell 30% to $12 million, fairly consistent with 
declines observed in the sector. As the advertising market recovers, ad revenues will represent incremental high-margin 
revenues in the coming quarter. 

As Mel noted earlier, SIRIUS XM continues to deliver positive adjusted EBITDA reaching $106 million this quarter. 
The big driver here was a 19% reduction in cash operating expenses, bringing it down to $126 million lower than Q3 
last year. The decline would have been larger but for a sequential increase in SAC associated with new car builds, 
which of course is a good thing for us in the long run. 

On a margin basis, adjusted EBITDA reached 17% of revenue compared to negative 6% in the third quarter of 2008. 
While some of the cash expense reduction is from lower SAC associated with lower gross additions, we also improved 
SAC per gross add by 7%. 

SAC per gross add would have fallen further, but we did begin expensing the builds associated with increasing 
automotive production including the ramp in unpaid trial production. Given that these vehicles do not count as a gross 
addition until there is a self-pay conversion, this tends to have the effect of raising our SAC per gross add somewhat as 
the unpaid trials build. 

Nearly every single expense line item used in adjusted EBITDA declined from the prior year. Satellite and 
Transmission declined 26%, Programming 29%, Sales and Marketing 32%, G&A 36% and Engineering 8%. Revenue 
sharing royalties up 2%, slightly less than our revenue growth rate as we saw improvement from the renegotiated GM 
contract, which partially offset the effects of higher OEM mix and the higher performance royalties versus a year ago. 

Summing up our operations, revenue improved 17 million, contribution margin improved by 21 million. Pre-SAC 
EBITDA improved by 118 million as we reduced fixed costs and adjusted EBITDA improved by 143 million. 


Consolidated net loss improved to $182 million. Excluding a one-time non-cash loss on redemption of debt, our net 
loss would have improved to $44 million. The $143 million improvement in our adjusted EBITDA drove a $218 
million improvement in net cash used in operating activities, compared to the combined figures from SIRIUS and XM 
in Q3 '08. 

Free cash flow of 27 million in the quarter was improved from a negative 98 million in the third quarter of '08. 
EBITDA improvements driving cash flow improvements can be seen in our nine-month cash flows as well. The $515 
million improvement in EBITDA year-to-date drove nine month's free cash flow to a positive 36 million compared to a 
negative 570 million in the first nine months of '08. 

Many investors have been asking for guidance on satellite CapEx. With the timing now set for the launch of the 
remaining satellites that will complete the refresh of our in-orbit fleet by 2011, we are now in a position to provide that 
guidance. This summer we successfully launched SIRIUS 5, placing it into a geostationary orbit. Mid next year, we 
expect launch XM 5 as an in-orbit spare with the technical capability to service either the XM or SIRIUS network 
should the need ever arise. 

The build of XM 5 is largely complete and we expect to launch it on a Proton rocket next summer. Completing the 
refresh of the SIRIUS constellation will be the launch of SIRIUS 6 in late 2011, which will also go into a geostationary 
orbit. Satellite CapEx excluding capitalized interest to support these programs is expected to be approximately 170 
million in 2009; 220 million in 2010 and 125 million in 2011. 

As Mel mentioned, once these programs are complete, we do not expect to begin building a third-generation satellite 
fleet before 2016. 

With these satellites in place, we realize the first of the satellite synergies from the merger. The move from a HEO to 
GEO constellation for the SIRIUS system and the ability of XM 5 to serve as a backup to both systems eliminates the 
need for the build of two additional SIRIUS satellites of savings of more than $400 million. 

With growing EBITDA, declining interest costs with debt retirement, the completion of our satellite replacement cycle 
and our ability to use NOLs to shield earnings, we expect very strong long-term cash flow growth. As Mel mentioned, 
we are pleased to maintain our guidance for full-year adjusted EBITDA of greater than 400 million this year and – 
excuse me, and to introduce new expanded guidance for 2010. 

Some of you may be aware that we are low-balling our adjusted EBITDA guidance given the 347 million we have 
earned so far this year, but please bear in mind that our fourth quarter media campaign as well as SACs and the 
continuing recovery in automotive is likely to result in somewhat lower EBITDA in Q4 than Q3. 

In 2010, we are expecting revenue growth in the mid to high single digits, adjusted EBITDA growth of approximately 
20%, and positive subscriber growth based upon projected auto sales of 11.3 million. Our performance this year and 
our guidance for adjusted EBITDA and cash flow growth clearly show that we can deliver growth despite a challenging 
economic environment, and with an improving outlook for auto sales, we are pleased with the opportunities in front of 
us. 

With that, let's turn it over to the operator to open up the line for questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Lev Polinsky of J.P..Morgan has our first question. 

<Q - Lev Polinsky>: Hi, thank you for taking my question. Couple of questions on the car market. So, one, I was 
wondering if you could give any sort of metrics on the kind of performance you're getting out of your programs with 
used car sales? And any sort of good ways to think about how big an opportunity that can be over time? And then you 
said there are about 600,000 unpaid trial subs at the end of this quarter. Can you give an indication of what that number 


looks like at the end of maybe second quarter and first quarter also? Thank you very much. 

<A - Mel Karmazin, Chief Executive Officer>: Jim, why don't you do it? 

<A - James Meyer>: Sure. On the used cars, we are learning quite a bit and frankly the way we forecast the number is 
we've gone back and looked at how many cars have been built with satellite radio inception to date. We then use kind 
of a industry-standard curve for when those cars transition. So for instance, after four years, we know almost close to 
55% to 60% have moved to a second owner. We then overlay that on what's been built; we look forward to what we 
think's going to be built; and we predict both a industry going forward year by year. I can tell you the industry between 
now and 2014 grows extensively. Our challenge in 2010 is to get our arms around effectively predicting how big that 
market is and how to reach those subscribers. And I think you will hear more from us in the quarters to come on that 
particular one. Dave, do you want comment on the paid trials? 

<A - David J. Frear, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, so on the paid trials, the figures 
I have handy are a year ago, as opposed to sequential quarters. So, the way you should think of it is that a year ago we 
had little bit less than 400,000 unpaid trials and so the growth has been a little bit more than 200,000 since a year ago. I 
think, you can expect that most of that growth came as the automotive industry began rebounding from the lows that it 
hit at the end of last year, beginning of this year. 

<Q - Lev Polinsky>: Thank you. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. From RBC Capital Markets, we'll go to David Bank. 

<Q - David Bank>: Thank you. Good morning. Question on the network architecture situation; how long do you think 
it will be before SIRIUS is using sort of one constellation of satellites to service the entire customer base? And has that 
timeframe changed since you first kind of started contemplating the original merger? 

<A - Mel Karmazin, Chief Executive Officer>: The answer to the second question is that it hasn't changed. When we 
contemplated the merger and then when we finally announced it and began explaining to people what was going to 
happen, one of the things that we told them is to not expect a – really any meaningful satellite efficiencies from getting 
to one constellation for a really long time. And the way that we explained it is that it takes a long time to make changes 
in what the automakers put in cars. And so we have – once you pick, I'd say, you were to decide to pick to go to one 
system, you – once you made that choice, it would take a few years to roll it into production, and then a few years for 
them to actually ramp it up and get it through all the – all through their plants. 

So what you end up with is several years before you begin really a meaningful transition of what's in the field, I mean 
you've got all those cars in the field. So we've already got the spending out of the way for second-generation satellite 
constellations in basically the next 24 months. And then those assets are good until beyond 2020. So we will face the 
decision from a spend perspective really and sort of about seven, eight years time on what we want to do with respect 
to two versus one constellations. So the timing is still – still what it was at the time of the merger, and it's still pretty far 
out. But what it does allow us to do is that there were near term savings, so that by making the decision for SIRIUS to 
operate with two geostationary satellites instead of three KEO satellites, that we basically cut one satellite and save a 
spare, because XM had already built a spare. So relative to the plans we had pre-merger, it takes about 400 million of 
CapEx out of the near term. 

<Q - David Bank>: Thank you very much. 

Operator 

We'll move to Jim Goss of Barrington Research. 


<Q - Jim Goss>: Okay. First one follow-up on what was just being talked about. Do you use the same repeater system 
with the new SIRIUS geostationary satellites in addition to the XM geostationary satellites? 

<A - Mel Karmazin, Chief Executive Officer>: That's a great question. And here, also since the merger, our 
engineers have been hard at work and really done what I consider to be some very clever engineering. We have fully 
integrated now the repeater networks, and in fact, we expect going forward, to actually be able to operate repeaters that 
allow us very efficiently to broadcast both streams. So, we're still working on the numbers, but we're confident that our 
repeater expenses are under control, and would not grow the way you would expect them to grow if you went to an all 
GEO versus HEO constellation. 

<Q - Jim Goss>: And so do the elliptical orbiting satellites wind up being the back up to the geostationary orbiting 
rather than the other way around --? 

<A - Mel Karmazin, Chief Executive Officer>: I thank what happens is the lifes of these are so difficult to predict, 
and we're actually in a very great situation, where we have a lot of options as to how ultimately that works, but I'll go 
back to David's comments, we are going to end up with two geostationary SIRIUS satellites, two geostationary XM 
satellites, and a spare that we will launch next summer in the middle, which gives us a lot of flexibility. 

<A - James Meyer>: Jim, I think the way that you should think about it is that, right now since we turned on SIRIUS 
V in September, we're operating effectively a two GEO – two HEO, one GEO operating configuration. We're likely to 
stay in that configuration until at least 2013, and then sometime between 2013 and 2015, which is roughly when the 
HEO, the first generation HEO constellation reaches its end of life, we'll flip over to the two GEO mode supplemented 
by the expanded threshold repeaters. 

<Q - Jim Goss>: Okay. Then in another area if I might, what is the timeframe you're envisioning for total penetration 
in all vehicles. You're up to 55% now, I think I understood 58% by year-end. When do you – how long before you get 
to 100%, and what does that do to conversion rate? And then sort of in a related to subscriber area: with the bump you 
had in the third quarter that I think was a little bit unexpected, do you think you'll still get the Q4 sub seasonality, or 
does that change because of the changing mix between OEM and retail, and the bump you just had? 

<A - James Meyer>: So on the question of penetration, I will again comment, as we did last quarter, that Toyota is in 
the middle of their ramp up right now. And so you will continue to see just because of Toyota rolling out, overall our 
penetrations have increased. The penetration numbers that you quoted are in fact the same numbers that we're using. 

I'll comment first on overall penetration, that is, the way we think of it, the luxury brands are going to settle in at close 
to standard. And on the leader cars, we'd like to have just a minimal amount of satellite radio, because in fact several of 
them convert at low rates. It's difficult to balance that in total. I don't think you'll ever see 100% penetration, but 
certainly I think penetrations in the low to mid-60s over a long period are reasonable to expect. 

<A - Mel Karmazin, Chief Executive Officer>: Regarding our fourth quarter sub additions, we are – we finished 
October. We are very guardedly optimistic; we're excited about this new iPhone Skydock that will be hitting, that's 
currently actually in Apple stores as well as in the other retail stores. We have this huge advertising campaign that is 
starting in November 15. There has not been noise surrounding any issues that satellite radio has this year verse last 
year. So we are very optimistic about our ability to grow the company in the fourth quarter, not just beyond that. 

<Q - Jim Goss>: All right. Thanks very much. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] From CRT Capital, we heard from Joe Stauff. 

<Q - Joseph Stauff>: Hey, good morning. Two questions. One, what are you able to share with us regarding the 
sensitivity of churn of various pricing sort of experiments; that is, as you refer to you increased the pricing of your 
family plan earlier this year. And also sort of the impact of the royalty pass-through and its effect effectively on your 
view of churn, how you can control that or in particular the sensitivity of those moves? 


<A - James Mayer>: So, this is Jim. I think there is a couple of points. First of all, I think it's too early to draw a final 
conclusion on the impact of churn related to the U.S. royalty pass-through. And I think Mel was pretty clear on that on 
his comments. I do believe by the end of the first quarter of next year, we will much better understand that as we by 
then will have passed it along to the entirety of our subscriber base. With that in mind, I think I'd speak for both Mel, 
David and I, we're pleasantly surprised so far to the elasticity that we've seen in the marketplace and our churn 
performance, given that royalty pass-through and the other two price increases David mentioned as well. So I'm 
pleased, but we've got a ways to go here. 

In terms of overall pricing, we have gotten a lot more sophisticated since the merger. We've implemented best practices 
of both companies. And here, I'm really talking about churn and retention management, as opposed to our overall basic 
12.95, 14.95 price. And by that I mean, we are constantly looking at and testing a variety of offers for retention and win 
back, and we're learning quite a bit. And in the third quarter honestly, we made a lot of progress there, and it was a part 
of why we were able to have positive growth. 

<A - Mel Karmazin, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, we think that there is upside to where we are in churn, as we 
mentioned earlier. If you compare ourselves to cell phone companies and DirecTV or EchoStar, I think that you could 
see that there is opportunities. Other well regarded subscription services, pay television, HBO is somewhere in the four 
to 5% per month. Netflix, which is a company that many people like the service and their churn is over 4% a month. So 
us being around this 2% with upside, we think is a great opportunity for us – more so then the risk is. 

<Q - Joseph Stauff>: Okay. Fair enough. And just to reconfirm, and maybe you said this, I apologize if I didn't hear it, 
but the royalty pass-through, that is not part of your ARPU calculation, correct? 

<A - David J. Frear, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: That's correct. 

<Q - Joseph Stauff>: Thanks a lot. 

Operator 

We'll go to Murray Arenson of Janco Partners. 

<Q - Murray Arenson>: Thank you. Good morning. A couple of questions for you. One is I wonder if you could talk 
a little bit more about SAC and some of the levers there, and how to look at that over the coming quarters, I'm thinking 
about the work you're doing with Toyota, and then I'm thinking about the impact of pre-owned vehicles going forward. 

<A - David J. Frear, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: I think generally, we've had a 
long-term track record of reducing SAC per gross add. And I don't think there is anything that's going to change about 
that going forward. Our expectation is, one of our management objectives is to continue to drive SAC per gross add 
down. There are lots of different ways to do that. Jim's guys just do a lot of great engineering work to drive costs out of 
radio modules, and chipset advancements, we've talked before about the shift from black boxes in the trunk for, in 
automotive companies, to integrated head units where there is just a module that plugs into the radio on the dash. 

And all those things result in lower bill of materials costs, which will translate ultimately into lower subsidies. So, even 
with the kind of what I'd call the accounting effect of things like unpaid trials coming through, where you have SAC 
expense but no associated gross add, I think even with that effect that generally you should find SAC per gross add 
coming down year to year to year. 

<A - Mel Karmazin, Chief Executive Officer>: Back to used cars. 

<A - David J. Frear, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: And then in the SAC on used cars 
helps that, right, so that since you've -- we've already incurred the subsidy associated with that as we begin to get the 
second owners coming back effectively or returning activation, it comes back in at gross adds, and there is very little in 
the way of associated subscriber acquisition costs with that. So, it's another factor that should help bring the number 
down over the years. 


<Q - Murray Arenson>: Excellent. Thank you. And I wanted to ask you a little bit more about the marketing and 
advertising plan you have, and ask you to maybe characterize that. I mean, should we view that as a major holiday 
season ad spend? Is that a more extensive effort? Is it solely focused on the brand advertising you were talking about or 
should we also be looking for promotions and retention tied into this? Just a little more detail please. 

<A - Scott Greenstein>: Sure. It will be a national brand campaign geared to putting our brand out in the marketplace 
in context as the leader in audio entertainment. It will cover a wide variety of media largely centered in network and 
cable TV, some Internet and some newspaper. And it's going to be a straight branding campaign, as opposed to 
specifically with the TV spots tied to any promotional offers. 

<A - Mel Karmazin, Chief Executive Officer>: I think you ought to think about it as being a special one off. Though 
marketing obviously will continue to be a part of every company's business model, this one was necessary because of 
we believe all of the noise that was in the market earlier this year that is no longer relevant. So it's been a while since 
we have put the brand out there advertising, it's not something that you ought to model in 2010 as our cost going up 
next year because of marketing for a full year. We'll continue to market as we have. The merger has absolutely 
presented a great savings for us because so much of the marketing between SIRIUS and XM was done against each 
other as compared to where our competitor today is terrestrial radio. 

So they're making it pretty easy for us. You think about where we get subscribers from. We get subscribers from 
terrestrial radio. Even though our business model is the exact opposite of theirs, we have 2% of our revenue coming 
from advertising and theirs is virtually 100%. So our business model is different, but we do get subscribers from them. 
And they're helping us by pushing subscribers towards us. So we don't need the same kind of advertising that the 
companies did individually. But be interested in your feedback when you see the spots. We were very excited about it; 
they'll be very noticed, you'll see it a lot. And we think it will go a long way towards enhancing the long term image of 
our company and get any of those past issues behind us. 

<Q - Murray Arenson>: Great. Thanks very much. 

<A - Mel Karmazin, Chief Executive Officer>: Jim? 

<A - James Meyer>: Yeah. With that in mind, I don't want to miss – we are going to promote during the holiday 
period our products in the aftermarket hand in glove. It's just the campaign that Scott and Mel commented on is a brand 
oriented campaign. But hand in the glove along with that, we will be promoting at our various retail outlets along, very 
extensively on SIRIUSxm.com, our products for the Christmas season. 

Operator 

And we have time for one further question. And that comes from Michael Schaumbach of J.P. Morgan. 

<A>: Oh, come on. 

<Q>: I'm wondering if you can speak to the divide and the content availability on between the iPhone app and the 
Skydock? The advantage to the product launch over the holidays that the subscribers are able to get in a lot of the 
contract – the contracted media, Howard Stern, NFL. Is that still the case versus the iPhone app, where some of that 
stuff is not available because of contract rights? 

<A - Scott Greenstein>: Sure, Let me comment on that. First, the Skydock is a really clever product in that it's 
obviously one the lowest cost radios we can build, because there is no display. So your iPhone or iTouch, and 
remember iTouch with the exception of WiFi, does not get our service delivered through streaming. So it provides a 
great – first of all, a great in-vehicle kit for your iPhone or your iTouch, in that it allows it to be charged. Second, and I 
think when you see it at retail, it's our easiest radio to install yet. It's very, very simple, and it goes in. Third, obviously, 
it does allow you to get all of our content because it's a full – you're a regular satellite radio subscriber. 


And finally, and again, this is no knock on the big technology of 3G networks, but there is a lot of places where 3G 
doesn't work. And in terms of streaming, okay, where it reverts to a 2G service for voice. Obviously, our network was 
built to work with over three nines of accuracy, and so in all of those places you're assured of getting our full selection 
of satellite radio. So we're pretty excited about it as it complements those technologies, not to compete with those 
technologies. 

<A - Mel Karmazin, Chief Executive Officer>: And we believe that if you take our content, and you compare it to 
any alternative, whether it be Internet driven content, whether it not be terrestrial radio delivered content, whether or 
not it includes the NFL and includes Howard Stern or it doesn't, our content is still the best content that exists 
anywhere. Certainly, Howard and some of our other premium content enhances it, but even those people that don't have 
the opportunity to get that specific content are still getting a great value and getting great content that they can replicate 
any place else. 

<Q>: Thank you. 

Operator 

At that is all the time we have for questions. I would like to turn the conference back over to our speakers. 

William Prip, Investor Relations 

Okay. Thank you very much everyone. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2009, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


