Q3 2008 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Frank J.M. ten Brink, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Administrative Officer 
• Richard T. Kogler, Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer 
• Mark C. Miller, Chairman and President 
Other Participants 

• Ryan Daniels 
• Scott Schneeberger 
• Rich Kogler 
• Scott Levine 
• Jonathan Ellis 
• David Manthey 
• Greg Halter 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. My name is Maria , and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I 
would like to welcome everyone to the Stericycle Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed 
on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. 
[Operator Instructions]. 

I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Frank ten Brink, CFO, Stericycle. You may begin your conference. 

Frank J.M. ten Brink, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and 
Chief Administrative Officer 

Thank you. Welcome to Stericycle's quarterly conference call. On today's call will be Rich Kogler, COO; and Mark 
Miller, the CAO – CEO. 

I will now read the Safe Harbor statement. Statements by Stericycle in this conference call that are not strictly historical 
are forward-looking. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and should be viewed with 
caution. Factors described in the company's Form 10-K, 10-Q as well as its other filings with the SEC could affect the 
company's actual results and could cause the company's actual results to differ materially from expected results. The 
company makes no commitment to disclose any revisions to forward-looking statements or any facts, events or 
circumstances after this date that may bear upon forward-looking statements. 

Now the results. The results for the third quarter are as follows. Revenues grew 39.8 million to 277.1 million, up 16.8% 
from 237.3 million in Q3 of '07. Internal growth for the company was 22.9 million or 9.7%, which is adjusted for 
foreign exchange. Domestic growth was 8% and international growth adjusted for exchange was 16%. Domestic 
growth consisted of SQ up 14%, LQ up 10% and the returns management revenues up 16 million. 


Gross profit was 123 million or 44.4% of revenues, and SG&A expense including amortization was 51.2 million or 
18.5% of revenues. Operating income was 71.5 million or 25.8% of revenues and net interest expense was 8.4 million. 
Net income in the quarter was 39.2 million or $0.45 per share. At the end of the quarter, our revolver borrowings were 
approximately 412 million. 

Currently, 225 million of our revolver is hedged at an average fixed 2.81% LIBOR rate and normally up 75 basis point 
in excess of that. The remaining, 187 million, is floating of LIBOR plus 75 basis points or the prime rate, whichever is 
lower. The unused portion of the revolver debt at the end of the quarter was approximately 241 million. 

We repurchased 179,073 shares of common stock on the open market in an amount of approximately 9.1 million in the 
quarter. Cumulatively, we have purchased approximately 11.1 million shares and we still have authorization to 
purchase an additional 5.1 million shares. 

Capital spending in the quarter was 12.8 million and our DSO was 58 days. Cash from operations was 61.6 million in 
the quarter and 156.3 million year-to-date. 

And with that, I will turn it over to Rich. 

Richard T. Kogler, Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer 

Thanks, Frank. I want to begin by thanking each member of our worldwide team for their solid performance and 
continued commitment to our customers and our shareholders. We enjoyed strong sales growth in all of our business 
segments in the quarter. The SQG growth was primarily driven by Steri-Safe, with three out of four new Steri-Safe 
customers choosing Select and Preferred. And Steri-Safe contributed approximately 61% of total small customer 
revenues. 

LQ sales growth was driven by the continued adoption by our Bio Systems offering and new LQG med waste contracts. 
In summary, we ended Q3 with over 410,000 accounts, of which over 400,000 were small and the remainder large. 

And now I'll turn it over to Mark. 

Mark C. Miller, Chairman and President 

Thanks, Rich. I'd now like to provide insight on our current outlook for 2008 and provide our preliminary guidance for 
2009. Please keep in mind that these are forward-looking statements. 

During the third quarter we completed four acquisitions, three domestic and one international. The incremental revenue 
impact in the third quarter of this year was approximately 2.1 million. The annualized revenues of these acquisitions is 
approximately 15.5 million. Now please keep in mind that our guidance does not include future acquisitions or 
divestitures and the settlement charge of $0.04 per share in the first quarter of this year. 

We believe that analyst estimates will be in the range of $1.71 to $1.73, which we are comfortable with. We believe 
that analyst revenue estimates for 2008 will be in the range of 1.08 billion to 1.09 billion, depending on assumptions for 
growth in foreign exchange. We believe analysts will have estimates for net income between 151 and 153 million 
depending on their assumptions for mix and interest expense. And we believe that analysts will have estimates for free 
cash flow of approximately $150 million, with CapEx anticipated between 45 and 50 million. 

I'd now like to provide preliminary outlook for 2009. Keep in mind the preliminary guidance does not include 
acquisitions or divestitures. And we believe analyst EPS estimates will be in the range of $1.97 to $2.01, which we are 
comfortable with. We believe analyst revenue estimates for 2009 will be in the range of 1.16 to 1.18 billion, depending 
on assumptions for growth in foreign exchange. We believe analyst estimates for net income will be between 174 and 
177 million, depending on assumptions for margin improvement and interest expense. And we believe analysts will 
have estimates for free cash flow between 170 and 175 million, with CapEx anticipated between 50 and 60 million. 


In closing, we're very excited about the tremendous growth opportunities in 2009 and beyond, and we thank you for 
your time. And we'll now go to Q&A session. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. The first question comes from Ryan Daniels from William Blair. Sir, your line is open. 

<Q - Ryan Daniels>: Yes. Thank you. A couple of quick housekeeping ones I tend to ask every quarter. Can you just 
give us the LQG adds and Bio System adds during the period? 

<A - Mark Miller>: Yes, the Bio Systems new accounts were 72 in Q3. And we had 57 new med waste contracts. 

<Q - Ryan Daniels>: Okay. And then on the Steri-Safe, can you give us the total clients there and the percentage on 
premium with that business? 

<A - Mark Miller>: Yes, the total number of accounts now is just a little bit – about 129, about 128,800 total accounts. 
And the percentage on Select and Premium is about 28%. 

<Q - Ryan Daniels>: Okay. And if we think of the updated guidance, obviously one of the things that has happened 
pretty dramatically over the last three or four weeks is foreign exchange rates. The dollar strengthened a lot. I know 
that's probably pressuring your revenue growth. Can you just give us a feel, one, for what you're using in your '08 
guidance on FX? And number two, a feel for what kind of headwind that was in the guidance relative to if you may 
have delivered it just a couple of weeks ago? 

<A - Frank ten Brink>: I think, if you look at the guidance from last and now, you probably have anywhere from 30 
to 35 million lower end revenues because of the change in foreign exchange and the dollar getting, in this case, 
stronger. And that probably has about $0.05 impact on the EPS. 

<Q - Ryan Daniels>: Annually, you mean? 

<A - Frank ten Brink>: That is annually for the '09 period, yes. 

<Q - Ryan Daniels>: Got you. So that's probably the exclusive reason for taking the $1.74 for high-end down to $1.73 
is just FX? 

<A - Frank ten Brink>: That's exactly right. I think if you look for '08, it probably is about 10 to 11 million impact. 
That's Q3 and Q4 combined, with about 1.3 pennies roughly. 

<Q - Ryan Daniels>: Okay. Perfect. And then, I know you guys have talked about in the past if fuel prices came down 
you may have an ability to keep some of the pricing you've passed through there. And I'm curious, one, what your 
thoughts are on that? And two, how much of a benefit it was in the third quarter with the decline in fuel, or if much of 
that is still to be seen in the fourth quarter? 

<A - Mark Miller>: Well, I think first, we didn't see any benefit in third quarter because if you think about it, fuel 
prices stayed pretty high through the summer, and they've only recently started to move. I think the second thing is, 
we're primarily diesel driven and gasoline has moved down much more quickly than diesel. So we're still paying diesel. 
Also, we're looking at this period of time in a more normalized market, where heating oil and winter tends to drive the 
price of diesel up. And then of course, all eyes are on OPEC too. So, I guess to kind of summarize, we didn't see any 
impact positive to our fuel and energy costs in Q3. And our guidance assumes that we'll be sort of at this current stable 
rate through 2009. 

<Q - Ryan Daniels>: Okay, great. That's helpful. And then, final question and I'll jump back in the queue. Can you just 
actually give us the energy cost in the quarter? 


<A - Mark Miller>: It was 7.6% of revenue. 

<Q - Ryan Daniels>: Okay. Thanks a lot guys. 

Operator 

The next question comes from Scott Schneeberger from Oppenheimer. 

<Q - Scott Schneeberger>: Thanks. Just following up on that. Could you guys break out of the organic growth what 
piece of that would be the fuel surcharges? 

<A - Frank ten Brink>: I think if you look, it's probably little, about 2% of the growth. 

<Q - Scott Schneeberger>: LQ and SQ combined? 

<A - Frank ten Brink>: Yes, fairly even. 

<Q - Scott Schneeberger>: Okay. The acquisitions in the quarter, the three U.S., one international, could you guys 
take us a little deeper: size and then what they're in, and where? 

<A - Frank ten Brink>: Yes, the three domestic are in the West and in the Midwest, and the one internationally is in 
Argentina. Again, the revenue's annualized about 15.5 million total purchase price on an NPV basis. There's notes and 
then cash, it's about 31 million. And the overall synergized EBITDA was about five to six times. 

<Q - Scott Schneeberger>: What are you seeing with multiples now overall. Is that five to six, is it coming down from 
there in this environment or are we pretty steady? 

<A - Frank ten Brink>: Again, our historic multiple is anywhere from 3.5 to maybe synergized six, seven. I think it's 
probably coming down a little bit. 

<Q - Scott Schneeberger>: And what's your appetite here? I believe you were looking to more of a focus on 
acquisitions, perhaps hiring in that space recently. Any thoughts on where and what from here? 

<A - Frank ten Brink>: The acquisition pipeline, it continues very robust, 50 million, in fact north of that, that team is 
very busy. Also, our bank debt is well set up for it. We have ample room in our credit line. And so, from that point we 
have 241 million in our line available. We have not seen any hiccups in draws on that line. We have a strong bank 
group, both B of A and JPMorgan are the leads in our bank group, which obviously right now are the stronger banks 
out there. So we feel very good about being in a position to take advantage of the market position. 

<Q - Scott Schneeberger>: Thanks. And just one more from me. I think a concern a lot of folks have right now is, and 
obviously in this environment, would be a slowdown of any sort. Could you take us through on the LQG side, just your 
exposure there to a slowdown? How soon you think it would arrive and what percent of revenue or magnitude do you 
think would come in that bucket specifically? Thanks. 

<A - Richard Kogler>: With large quantity generator space, we kind of do quite a bit of analysis by sector, types of 
customers on volume, and we have not seen any dampening of our volumes coming out of those accounts. So that 
historically does not surprise us, but we anticipated the question, and that's because of what drives the volume and 
demand also. The nature of our relationships with customers are such that even though there may be modest changes, it 
doesn't affect our data. And in terms of the large account sector, I think the second part of your question was what 
percent of our total business and . . . 

<A - Frank ten Brink>: It's – on the domestic side, it's about 33% of our revenue. 

<A - Rich Kogler>: And internationally it's about roughly 70, 80%. 

<A - Frank ten Brink>: Yeah. 


<Q - Scott Schneeberger>: I guess, specifically, how the contracts are set up though. Where do you not have 
long-term contracts perhaps in LQG, or where it might it be based on volume? Just what might be a little bit more 
economically exposed versus shored up? 

<A - Frank ten Brink>: They are three ways that we bill, predominantly, the customer, it's weight driven or per 
container driven, which really what weight is in it is not as important. Number two, that these are customers that are all 
on scheduled pickups, so the continuation is very stable there. And as we said, we have not seen an impact from of a 
weight point of view or in the billing side. We do have some other customers that are in fixed rate. So those obviously 
are not impacted at all. 

<Q - Scott Schneeberger>: Okay, thanks. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Scott Levine from JPMorgan Chase. Sir, your line is open. 

<Q - Scott Levine>: Good afternoon. Can you talk a little bit about the details in the '09 guidance specifically? Do you 
have an assumption for returns that you'd be willing to share with us for that business for next year? And then also LQ 
and SQ assumptions, kind of baked in to the initial targets there? 

<A - Richard Kogler>: Yeah, 2009 we're looking at a range of about 78 to 88 million on the returns business. And 
across the board on our growth rates, we're looking at high single-digit, internal growth rate across all our business; 
that's assuming that there's a constant level of energy from where we're at right now. 

<Q - Scott Levine>: Okay. And do you have any thoughts regarding the potential cyclicality, if any, you'd anticipate 
on the return side? 

<A - Richard Kogler>: It's hard to call on the cyclicality. The fundamental issues we see is the continued awareness of 
capabilities continues to grow. I think we're making good headway there. There's also the recent impact of the new law 
which went into effect , HR4040, which impacts the consumer products marketplace with higher penalties and higher 
and broader scope of responsibility, so that may drive opportunities. But the recalls really aren't as cyclical-driven as an 
event-driven activity. 

<Q - Scott Levine>: Okay, and then one last one on acquisitions. Could you share with us your thoughts in terms of 
how the activity prices paid, deal flow, anticipations into a downturn there as well as what your expectations are? 

<A - Frank ten Brink>: Again, there is clearly a very robust environment for us. It's better, there is less competition 
going for deals, the financial buyers out there pretty much are shut out of that market right now. And historically, 
internationally they've sometimes been competitors. The leverage that they can throw at deals have changed from 
maybe 80 debt, 20 equity now to, at best for them 50-50. So all these deals are severely impacted and so that makes it 
better for us in that landscape. And overall, we see that clearly have a positive impact. 

<Q - Scott Levine>: Okay. One last one, if I can sneak it in as well. Any impact of business pressure maybe on the SQ 
side of the business with bad debt and/or pressure on that side that you could see? 

<A - Frank ten Brink>: We've not seen any deterioration in payments. And so, we have good collections, our DSO is 
holding right in the mid to high 50's. We normally have a little bit lower DSO in Q2 because of higher prepaids. So 
we're right in line, equal to or a little bit better even than last year at the same time. So we have not seen a deterioration 
at this point. 

<Q - Scott Levine>: Okay. Thanks guys. 

Operator 


The next question comes from Jonathan Ellis from Merrill Lynch. Sir, your line is open. 

<Q - Jonathan Ellis>: Thanks. And good evening guys. 

<A>: Good evening. 

<Q - Jonathan Ellis>: I wanted to just ask you very quickly on the acquisitions. You did mention where they were, but 
were they all medical waste companies, or were they in different business lines? 

<A - Mark Miller>: Yes, they're predominantly were medical waste companies. 

<Q - Jonathan Ellis>: Okay. And could you possibly break down, of the 15 million in annualized revenues, how much 
of that was for the Argentinean company versus the domestic companies? 

<A - Frank ten Brink>: We don't break it out. 

<Q - Jonathan Ellis>: Okay. Any new joint ventures or licensing agreements that you engaged in this quarter? 

<A - Frank ten Brink>: No. 

<Q - Jonathan Ellis>: No, okay. Just on the recall business, it does look like revenues came down somewhat 
meaningfully from the prior quarter. And I know you don't give specifics around revenue from recalls and returns, but 
maybe if you can talk directionally about which part of that business was responsible for the quarter-to-quarter 
deceleration? 

<A - Richard Kogler>: Sequentially, it was the recall activity. The underlying routine business continues to grow and 
stronger. And more importantly, as we've invested in this space, the fall through margins continue to improve. The 
team's done great job in driving it. And I think we're well positioned to take advantage of the opportunity. 

<Q - Jonathan Ellis>: Okay. And just along those same lines, in that recall and returns business, one, I wanted if you 
could talk briefly about the international side of that. And as I think about the opportunity to substantially expand 
abroad, I'm wondering do you think it would be easier to provide international recalls for companies based in the 
United States as just kind of an extension of your existing relationship, or to actually start targeting international 
companies that are going to be conducting local recalls. How do you think about the best way to possibly expand that 
recall business abroad? 

<A - Richard Kogler>: The recall business abroad I think will be – will vary by the type of company we interface 
with. Some companies that are global in nature that have very centralized control over management regulatory affairs 
and risk management, we think we will have an advantage, because we will observe that enterprise in the U.S. 
marketplace, so that may help us in our expansion. Yet we have other global companies that are very decentralized and 
that may end up being a country by country. And we are looking at that opportunity in expansion, but that's not in our 
'09 guidance at this point. 

<Q - Jonathan Ellis>: Okay. Great. And then, just since we're talking about the international side of the business, I 
know there was an arbitration settlement in the UK with a joint venture partner related to the Bio Systems containers. 
And I'm trying to get a feel, as part of that arbitration settlement, what type of grace period, or quiet period if you will, 
has been put in effect such that you're not allowed to launch Bio Systems in specific parts of the UK until that's lifted. 
Can you give us a sense for what that time period is? 

<A - Frank ten Brink>: I can't go because of confidentiality in that agreement into detail. There are some limitations, 
there is time limits on it. It's not that long. And so, there is an opportunity long-term for us in that market. It's small 
from a geographic point of view. And I think that's all we can say about it. 

<Q - Jonathan Ellis>: Okay. Great. And then, just on the fuel very quickly. Given what's happened to diesel prices 
recently, at what point would you possibly consider a hedge or forward purchase arrangement, if at all, for 2009? 

<A - Richard Kogler>: No, I think we've looked at hedges over time. And for us really, because of the strength of our 
contracts and the relationship that we have built into it to adjust for these sort of events, we don't look at hedges, we 


just do pass-throughs. 

<Q - Jonathan Ellis>: Okay. Great. And then, just my final question. In terms of the guidance for 2009, you 
mentioned, I think, high single-digit growth across your businesses. And I'm just trying to reconcile that with what you 
used in prior years as your basis for forecasting growth. I know SQ has been 8 to 10% and LQ, was lower, 5 to 7%, and 
international was high single-digits. So, I'm just trying to understand, is your – implicit in your guidance that LQ may 
grow a little bit faster next year than it has historically, and then SQ grows a little bit slower? Just try to help us 
understand that? 

<A - Mark Miller>: I think you'll see SQ being the faster grower. I was talking in the context of internal growth for 
total company we'd anticipate being high single-digit. And what you have is a blending affect when we have the faster 
growing SQ versus the slower growing LQ, you end up with a blended high single-digit number. 

<Q - Jonathan Ellis>: Okay. Would you be willing, though, to give specific ranges for SQ, LQ and international like 
you have in the past? 

<A - Mark Miller>: I think if you – directionally similar to what we've been doing where if you take out the noise, 
SQ's typically been in the 8 to 10, sometimes low double-digit, LQ has been 5 to 8% in the past, so the total domestic 
business in the 8 to 10, and international, if you take out the noise factor, typically 7 to 9%. 

<Q - Jonathan Ellis>: Okay. Great. Thanks guys. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from David Manthey of Robert W. Baird. Sir, your line is open. 

<Q - David Manthey>: Hi, thank you. I was wondering if you could help me understand if there's been any change in 
customer behavior. For example, has there been any measurable change in your renewal rates or demand for mail-back, 
for example? 

<A - Richard Kogler>: No. I guess we've mentioned previously we've seen no real change in volume at all. 

<Q - David Manthey>: Okay. And do customers, SQ customers once they start a Steri-Safe program, do they ever 
cancel those? Or do you have nearly a 100% renewal rate? 

<A - Richard Kogler>: I think we're at the 95 plus percent retention rate with our contracts. And most customers see 
the benefit and continue on or upgrade to a higher level. 

<A - Frank ten Brink>: And with the issue too, you might have a doctor that closes an office because they retire. So 
there always will be some customers that in fact don't necessarily cancel but drop-off. And there are some customers 
that don't pay their bills at which point we stop service. 

<Q - David Manthey>: Okay. And that brings me to the next question. Is there any change in your willingness to do 
business with less stable customers, maybe elective surgery centers, or like you said, customers that may have been a 
little shaky on paying their bills? 

<A - Frank ten Brink>: I mean, obviously we keep close track to those that pay their bills slow or not. We look at 
sectors that are at little bit higher risk and take the appropriate measures from a collection and focus point of view. But 
also think about it, this is a very small amount, people spend for kind of office and it's normally not the one because it's 
a regulatory issue for them that they necessarily are being short on. 

<A - Richard Kogler>: Just a color commentary on that as well is that even in the situations that we've had historically 
where there might be a hospital, for example, that goes bankrupt, we've often been deemed by the bankruptcy court to 
be a necessary utility and we continue to get paid through our services as they work their way through. So it's not 
something like an inventory or product sale where if the customer is not paying and they get cut-off that they can work 
off the inventory or switch to another vendor. This is something where if they get cut off on service they have medical 


waste building up and nobody really wants to build inventory of medical waste. 

<Q - David Manthey>: Got it. And then just to two quick ones on Steri-Safe. What number did you say the – what 
percent of customers, now, are choosing the Select or Premium? 

<A - Richard Kogler>: Well, of our total accounts right now, we have almost 28% on Select or Premium. Three out of 
four accounts are going to the higher level if they're a new account coming on board. 

<Q - David Manthey>: And to what do you attribute that. Is that just better sales efforts or is it a different customer? 
Why it would be so much higher? 

<A - Richard Kogler>: I mean, I think the program provides a good value and our sales force is getting more 
experienced. We've been doing this for a number of years now. 

<Q - David Manthey>: Okay. And then finally, could you talk about the average invoice for a Select or Premium 
versus a base what – in terms of percentage higher? 

<A - Frank ten Brink>: I think in the broad picture if you have a customer that's med waste you're looking at a party 
that's maybe doing anywhere 750 to 850, $900. If they select the premium level that could be anywhere, 700 to $1200 
more per year depending on, again, a lot of factors: size of office, number of people; there's a lot of factors that play in 
there. 

<Q - David Manthey>: Got it. Thank you. 

Operator 

The next question comes from Greg Halter from Great Lakes Review. Sir, your line is open. 

<Q - Greg Halter>: Hello and thank you. What is the percentage of your revenues now coming from international 
sources? 
<A - Richard Kogler>: It's about 23% roughly, 24. 
<Q - Greg Halter>: Okay. 
<A - Richard Kogler>: And that was in Q3. 
<Q - Greg Halter>: Okay. And I know you mentioned that fuel's about 7.6% of revenues. Did that detract from your 


gross margin and if so how much in the quarter? 


<A - Frank ten Brink>: In the quarter, it was kind of a neutral point for us, if you compare it to the prior quarter. I 
assume you're comparing to the prior quarter right now to see what the impact that had. 
<Q - Greg Halter>: Right. Well, that – or on a year-over-year basis? 
<A - Frank ten Brink>: Year-over- year it definitely had an impact and that's probably north of at least to 100 basis 


points. 
<Q - Greg Halter>: Okay. All right. And looking at your tax rate, I think it was about 37.2% or so, which is lower than 


it's normally been or historically been. Any comment there on the third quarter's rate as well as the outlook going 
forward in the rest of '08 and into '09? 
<A - Frank ten Brink>: The third quarter was kind of an adjust to an overall year-to-date rate of 37.8%. And that's for 


kind of a good rate to use for '08. We think in the guidance it's roughly about 38%. 
<Q - Greg Halter>: For '09? 
<A - Frank ten Brink>: For '09. 



<Q - Greg Halter>: Okay. It's small, but you have deferred revenue of about 14 million on the balance sheet. Does that 
relate to the prepaids, prepaid contracts you have? 

<A - Frank ten Brink>: That's related to two major things. One is Steri-Safe where you have customers that 
sometimes pay annual in advance or quarterly in advance. And then we have some larger customers in the UK that do 
some prepaids with international health system. 

<Q - Greg Halter>: And, I know there's some insider buys, I don't know, like eight of them over the last three, four 
months for about 400 some thousand shares which, frankly, we don't see much insider buying of any of our companies 
that we cover. So we applaud you on that. Just wanted to inquire whether or not any of that is on margin, though? 

<A - Frank ten Brink>: Not to my knowledge. 

<A - Richard Kogler>: No, cash purchase -


<A - Frank ten Brink>: I think it's all cash purchases as to our knowledge. 

<Q - Greg Halter>: Okay. That's great. And that's all I have. Thanks. 

Operator 

There are no further questions holding in queue at this time. 

<A - Richard Kogler>: We thank everybody for your time and your contribution. And we look forward to knocking 
the cover of the ball for you in the future. Have a great weekend. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2008, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


