Q2 2009 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Fred Warner, Investor Relations Manager 
• Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
• Theresa Wagler, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
• Richard Teets, Jr., Executive Vice President for Steelmaking, President and Chief Operating Officer of Steel 
Operations 
• Mark Millett, Executive Vice President for Metals Recycling and Ferrous Resources, President and Chief Operating 
Officer, OmniSource Corporation 
• Gary Heasley, Executive Vice President for Strategic Planning and Business Development 
Other Participants 

• Michelle Applebaum 
• Luke Folta 
• Sal Tharani 
• Timna Tanners 
• Charles Bradford 
• Mark Parr 
• Kuni Chen 
• Richard Teeter, Jr. 
• John Tumazos 
• Tony Rizzuto 
• Brian Yu 
• Brett Levy 
• Wayne Atwell 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, everyone, and welcome to today's Steel Dynamics Second Quarter 2009 Earnings Call. Today's conference 
is being recorded. Joining us today are Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Richard Teets, President 
and Chief Operating Officer, Steel Operations; Mark Millett, President and Chief Operating Officer, OmniSource 
Corporation; Gary Heasley, Executive Vice President; Theresa Wagler, Chief Financial Officer; Fred Warner, Manager 
of Investor Relations. For opening remarks I will now turn the call over to Mr. Fred Warner. Please go ahead, sir. 

Fred Warner, Investor Relations Manager 

Good morning and welcome to today's Steel Dynamics Conference Call being webcast today, July 23, 2009 from Fort 
Wayne, Indiana. A replay of this call can be heard and downloaded as a podcast from our website later at 
www.steeldynamics.com. 

Today's management discussion may include various forward-looking statements. All statements regarding anticipated 
future results or expectations are intended to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor 


Provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements, which by their nature are 
predictive and are not statements of historical fact are often preceded by such words as believe, anticipate, estimate, 
expect or other conditional words and are not intended as guarantees of future performance. We caution that actual 
future results and events may differ materially from such forward-looking statements or projections that we may make 
today. 

Some factors that could cause actual results to differ include general economic conditions, governmental, monetary or 
fiscal policy, industrial production levels, changes in market supply and demand for our products, foreign imports, 
conditions in the credit market, price and availability of scrap and other raw materials, litigation outcomes and 
equipment failures. You may obtain additional information concerning a variety of factors and risks that could cause 
actual results to differ materially from today's forward-looking statements by referring to the forward-looking 
statements and risk factors section of our most recent annual report on Form 10-K. Or in our quarterly reports on Form 
10-Q as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, as well as in other reports we file from time to time with 
the Commission. These reports are publicly available on the SEC website and on our website, steeldynamics.com. 

After today's management discussion, we'll open the call for questions from participants who have informed us that 
they may wish to ask questions. We will begin today's call now with introductory remarks by our Chairman and Chief 
Executive Officer, Keith Busse. 

Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us this morning and giving us an opportunity to give you a 
business results update. I'm sure all of you have read the press release. Our loss per share was $0.08 during the quarter, 
which is about $0.02 better than the bottom side of what we had indicated, due largely to the fact that we had income 
tax credits that changed the income tax rate and benefited the company. Net losses for the second quarter monetarily 
were $16 million, compared to net losses of $88 million in the first quarter, a significant numerical comparison, 
positive significant difference; but when you compare it to the first quarter and when you compare it to the second 
quarter of 2008, a significant decline. 

As all of you know, during the quarter, we re-did our credit arrangements with banks and issued some equity, and I 
won't go through that in detail, but only say that the weighted average increase in shares outstanding was offset by 
certain related transaction expenses of approximately $3.5 million. Net sales in the quarter were 792 million, 3% lower 
than net sales of 815 million in the first quarter of 2009. I think this obviously speaks to pricing and not to volume. 
Volume was actually up, but pricing continued to deteriorate late first quarter and early first quarter, thus yielding these 
results. The steel shipments in the quarter were 886,000 tons, better than the first quarter's 700,000 approximate tons 
shipped. The SDI's average steel selling price for the second quarter declined $126 a ton and the average scrap cost 
declined $79 per ton, so you'd wonder why you would have better results when you seemingly were losing margin. I 
think this, again, speaks both to volume and speaks to the enormous cost control initiatives implemented by the 
company and its employees. 

I think it's also important to note that the Company's steel operation's significant, steel operations produced an 
operating profit of $36 million but also had pre-tax operating income as well during the quarter. So the shining star was 
flat rolled and structure and rail results lagged behind in the structure and rail arena. We only shipped at about 25% of 
our current capacity. Underline the word or underscore "current." 

I think these results came very close to a pre-tax profit that fell just short. I think a lot of that had to do with much of 
the experimentation during the quarter and perfecting the art of producing rail blooms and rolling successful in rail 
blooms. We had some quality issues and had some write-offs we had to deal with in that quarter. Had we not had them, 
we may well have achieved pre-tax income as well, even at 25% of our capacity. 

And we're very pleased – we said in our report – to report that OmniSource generated operating income for the quarter 
with May and June results offsetting April losses. They not only had an operating profit, the segment had an operating 
profit, Omni specifically had an operating profit. And kudos to Mark and his team because they actually had a small 


pre-tax income in the quarter as well, something we didn't believe early in the quarter that we could achieve. But I think 
he and his team have done a tremendous job and had very positive results during the quarter. 

Scrap, as all of you know, went up last month anywhere from 40 to $70 depending on whether you're dealing with 
obsolete grades or prime grades and had increased in the month before as well. Mark and I may or may not differ on the 
trends, in fact we haven't even talked about it. My take on where we're going from here, and we all have short windows 
of visibility, is that scrap is likely to go sideways for delivery in the month of August. It could actually be down slightly 
in the month of August. Where it's going to go after that really depends to a large extent on business conditions. Flows 
are improving and as we said in the report, we believe OmniSource will be profitable for the full year. 

Our fabricating operations, New Millennium Building Systems, as I said, continues to face very stiff headwinds, as the 
nonresidential building construction market remains very weak and in fabrication, we basically broke even during the 
quarter. 

To talk a little bit about business conditions and backlogs, we still see order entry being very strong in flat rolls. We're 
now moving into the month of September and about ready, we have orders for September. We haven't officially opened 
the books and are about to do that, but strong flow, strong order entry remains in the flat rolled segment of our business 
and has not abated at this point in time. 

We've seen just marginal improvement in structural, not meaningful, but a better trend line but not meaningful volume. 
Things in small shapes at Roanoke have improved and we believe the operating rate at Roanoke may well approach 
70% during the quarter. We're hopeful that it will. 

Business conditions at Steel of West Virginia have recently improved and they should operate a little stronger in the 
third quarter than they perhaps did in the first and second quarter this year. I think Tim and his team have done a very 
good job in the face of very adverse conditions that exist in their marketplace. 

As it would regard the structure of our quality steels, we've had marginal improvement there but would suggest that the 
SPQ division will probably remain in the 50s for an operating rate, or in that area. They will not achieve a higher 
operating rate in the third quarter. 

As we noted with flat rolled, with a strong book we are running at near capacity and plan to do so in the foreseeable 
future. So we see being able to maintain fairly full operating rate in July, August and we believe order entry will remain 
fairly strong for the remainder of this quarter at least and should produce some fairly significant results there. 

Our mills are in terrific shape. Our recycling yards are in great shape and our fabricating operations are also in good 
shape. All of them are ready for any surge in business activity that may come. 

While we believe that flat rolled business conditions will remain healthy in the near term, we've only seen as we said 
marginal improvement among products. We have yet to see any real signs of improvement in the construction 
marketplace. 

Based on our viewfinder at this point in time, or our view of the world at this point in time, we suggest that in the third 
quarter our earnings and I repeat earnings, not losses. It's really good to say that again. We've had a couple of bad 
quarters really related a lot to mark-to-market re-evaluation of inventories, business conditions, low volumes, low 
selling values. I think we have hit the bottom and we are going to start to rebound in almost every segment. 

Even though the long product segments may remain weaker for some time, tied to the construction environment, I do 
think that we've reached the bottom of destocking. And we're in a period where the – especially in the automotive arena 
where I think I would suggest that finished goods inventories at General Motors and Chrysler weakened substantially 
and they're in the process of rebuilding that pipeline. Service centers are in the process of coming off the bottom, in 
fact, they may have – their inventories may have dipped too far in light of slightly improved business conditions. 

So I think that from a service center perspective I believe that they will now order steel at the same rate that they're 
going to consume it and or ship it which would be a better operating rate for the industry in general just based on that 
result alone. As I said, I think our range in the third quarter we expect earnings in the range of 0.10 to $0.20 for the 


quarter. I do not look for this number to deteriorate as we update guidance in September and it could slightly improve. 

With that brief report and concise report, I'd now like to turn this over to Theresa Wagler. Give her an opportunity to 
speak to other elements of our financial results as she does each and every quarter. 

Theresa Wagler, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you, Keith. Good morning, everyone. I'd like to talk just a little bit about the enhancement that we made to the 
capital structure in June through the joint issuance of common stock and convertible notes. We issued 31,050,000 
shares of common stock at a public offering price of $13.50 and we issued convertible securities at 5.125% due 2014 of 

287.5 million. The conversion premium was 30% and the underlying shares that are attributed to that offering are just a 
little bit under 16.4 million shares. 
The net proceeds raised were just over 675 million of which we used 550 million to prepay our term loan. And we also 
reduced our revolver during the quarter by 117 million through the excess net proceeds. 

In connection with that, as Keith mentioned earlier, we had additional expense in the quarter of about $3.5 million 
related to the write-off of financing costs and the unwind of an interest rate swap. 

In addition during June we amended our senior secured credit agreement to allow for greater financial covenant 
flexibility for not only the remainder of 2009 but actually throughout 2010. Our total debt leverage covenant was 
actually suspended through December 31 of 2010. And in its place we instituted a first-lien leverage. Now the 
maximum amount on that is 2.5 times. And then it steps up actually to three times at December 2010. At the end of the 
second quarter that calculation was .28 times. And the way you should consider that is the revolver is our first lien 
outstanding balances plus about 25 to 30 million of LCs and other secured debt. 

We also modified our interest coverage financial covenant. It was two times. Now it's 1.25 times and it steps up to 2.5 
times. 

And in addition we engaged a borrowing base attached to the revolver. It's 85% of our accounts receivable and 65% of 
our inventory. At the end of June that would have allowed for about $773 million worth of borrowing on our $874 
million revolver. 

During the quarter, we reduced our debt by $370 million and we improved our debt to equity capitalization from 62% 
at the end of the first quarter to now 53%. And we expect that to improve throughout the remainder of 2009. 

We also improved our liquidity to just over $650 million. And now our debt maturities are actually just a few million 
dollars a year until 2012 at which point our revolver will be refinanced and we'll 700 million of senior notes come due. 

We have 215 million outstanding shares at the end of the quarter. And from a working capital perspective we reduced 
working capital $32 million during the quarter. Trade receivables remained relatively flat. Approximately 92% are 
current or less than 60 days past due and our inventory decreased 95 million. That 95 million was predominantly 
between finished goods at our steel operations and scrap out at our steel operations. The scrap was mostly related to 
volume, volume reductions, and most significantly, at the flat roll mill due to increased production. 

Capital that we invested during the quarter was about $73 million and over 70% of that was related to our project in 
Minnesota for the nugget manufacturing facility. For the remainder of 2009 we expect to spend between 150 and $175 
million in additional capital expenditures. Over 70% of that or about 100 million of that would be anticipated to be 
used at the Minnesota project for both the completion of the nugget plant and the continuation of the mining facilities. 

The effective tax rate that Keith mentioned earlier did change during the quarter. It was 48.4%. On a go-forward basis, 
we expect it to be 41.3% and that was related to lower earnings and the fact that we actually had to provide for FIN48 
or what we call uncertain tax exposures for the year. We also had a $126 million federal and state income tax 
receivable. During the second half of 2009, we should receive about 25 million of that back in cash, and then the 
remainder would be reductions in expense or cash paid back to us during 2010. 


Interest rate on a gross basis was $42 million during the quarter. But you need to take into consideration that about 2 
million of that was the write-off of the financing cost during the quarter and the effective interest rate was 6%. 
Capitalized interest on construction projects is 4.6 million, and I would model anywhere between 35 and 40 million, 
probably closer to 35 million on a quarterly basis for net interest expense for the remainder of 2009. And if you're 
looking at depreciation and amortization, I would model approximately 55 million per quarter. 

And then finally, I'll just comment, I know many of you track the flat rolled shipments by product type. During the 
quarter we had hot-rolled shipments of 150,000 tons, pickled in oil of 42,000 tons, cold-rolled of 45,000 tons, 
hot-rolled galvanized of 78,000 tons, cold-rolled galvanized of 57,000 tons, painted products of 56,000 tons and 
Galvalume of 27,000 tons for a total of 455,000 tons of flat rolled shipments. 

Keith? 

Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Theresa, thank you. It was an excellent report. Dick, we'll go to you next allow you to talk about Steel Operations. 

Richard Teets, Jr., Executive Vice President for Steelmaking, President and 
Chief Operating Officer of Steel Operations 

Thank you, Keith. Good morning. Steel operations continue to improve our safety records and all our operations had 
noteworthy performances in flat rolled. At Butler Mill, the transportation department has now gone five years without a 
loss time accident. Congratulations. Jeffersonville has gone over one year with no reportables and the Techs also had a 
no reportables performance in the second quarter. Also Pittsboro has had no reportables for the quarter. 

The approximate operating rates, as Keith mentioned, for the mills in the second quarter were flat rolled at 66% and as 
he mentioned now fully booked for August with a little bit of opening for some hot band but not much and also the 
Techs are fully booked for August. 

The structural mill as I said is operating at 25% with little sign of improvement as we queue an emergence in Pittsboro 
of about 40% or more than that with certain product improvements, grinding all media and so forth. Emerging bars at 
Roanoke as he said for 65% and holding steady. Actually our few bookings were the best we've had since July 2008 
and I know one month doesn't make it but it's a positive sign. And also Steel of West Virginia continues to operate at 
lower levels due to depressed OEM markets but is optimistic for the second half of the year. 

I'd like to say that Pittsboro from a new products perspective is now offering 20 new sizes. Less than two inches in 
rounds and Steel of West Virginia has added large flats to their products list. 

As far as capital projects goes, I'll explain a little more about what Theresa mentioned from the steel operations. We 
continue to focus our projects on a more improved safety, quality, and cost-reduction effort at Columbia City, or, I'm 
sorry, at Butler. We've finished the last of the four EAF shells that have been expanded in height to further improve our 
productivity and efficiency. 

At Columbia City, work continues albeit slowly on the second caster with the steel deck going in on the caster deck 
along the switch gear at valve stands. The structural mill also is seeing its structure steel and joist beam fabricated for 
our discharge building at the Rail welding facility. Pittsboro has upgraded their deep scaling system for a rolling mill 
and that's been completed. 

Roanoke pre-outage work continues for the final hookup for the new melt shop bag house. And lastly, at Steel of West 
Virginia, the insulation is the new number one rolling mill straightener is going well with completion scheduled for 
August. Finally I'd like to report that we negotiated a successful – successfully negotiated a new five-year labor 
agreement at Steel of West Virginia. Congratulations there, everybody. And I'd like to thank all of our employees for 


their safe performance of their jobs and the positive attitudes in challenging times. Keith? 

Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Dick. Before we turn to Mark and the recycling segment of our business, the raw materials segment of our 
business, I might mention, as I said earlier, we talked about the excellent efforts that our employees have made in cost 
reduction. I might report to you that from a head count perspective, based on shuttered operations at fabrication and the 
loss of people throughout the system, for a wide variety of reasons, voluntary resignations and head count reductions 
had on me which were significant, right sizing up the business, our employee count has dropped from, in the fall of last 
year, perhaps as high as 6800, 6850 people down to 5800 people. So we have reduced the employee head count 
throughout the system by about 1000 employees, which is pretty significant and most of those reductions are probably 
going to be permanent in nature. 

With that said, I'll turn it over to Mark. I want to remind everyone that when we're talking about that segment of our 
business, OmniSource is the main operating unit within that segment. Iron Dynamics is producing on a regular basis as 
we've noted in every quarter and Mesabi Nugget makes up the third leg of that business unit that Mark's responsible for 
and he'll speak to where we are in the process of a startup there. Mark, please. 

Mark Millett, Executive Vice President for Metals Recycling and Ferrous 
Resources, President and Chief Operating Officer, OmniSource Corporation 

That's great, Keith. I, too, would like to applaud each and every one of the OmniSource team for an absolutely 
phenomenal quarter, and I believe we will be the probably one of the very few, if the only one, organization posting 
positive operating earnings in the recycling sector. 

This quarter's nine million operating profit was a stark contrast to the $6 million operating loss in the first quarter of 
this year. Our ferrous shipments increased 15% from 730,000 net tons to 840,000 net tons, quarter to quarter, driven 
principally by improved steel mill operating rates. 

Our [inaudible] business remained steady. Ferrous gross margins improved as transaction prices depreciated and lower 
cost inventory flowed through the system. 

Nonferrous shipments dropped slightly from 190 million pounds to 170 million pounds. The drop of 20 million pounds 
in total shipments related principally to lower shipments from our Superior Aluminum business, our secondary 
aluminum business. Actually it hides an 11% increase in flows throughout our other nonferrous businesses. 

With a strengthening market driven principally by demand from China, the nonferrous team executed extremely well 
and margins were substantially higher though the quarter. Our positive financial performance really was also driven by 
cost containment efforts expended throughout the organization. Right-sizing the organization was completed through 
the quarter with a reduction in the OmniSource organization of 660 employees. That took us from about 3100 
employees at the height of the summer last year down to roughly 2460 employees today. 

Quarterly operating expenses are down $25 million a quarter at the beginning of the current downturn. 

As Keith suggested both the ferrous and nonferrous markets remain unpredictable. In ferrous both supply and demand 
dynamics continue to change. Obsolete flows are exhibiting their typical seasonal increase while industrial flow of 
prime scrap remains very weak as the domestic manufacturing base continues to flounder. 

Given the restart of some Chrysler facilities, our prime flow should increase over the months ahead. Additionally, 
although difficult to quantify, the recent approval of Cash for Clunkers, that initiative should prove beneficial for 
shredder of feedstock. 


Potentially improving supply demand dynamics though could be offset to some degree or in whole by greater potential 
demand. Steel mill utilization has been picking up with the expectation of additional integrated capacity coming on 
stream. And although recent pricing levels have tempered export demand, exports remain as a wildcard. 

So in aggregate there appears to be no specific trend. And any firm speculation of market direction is difficult. I would 
agree with Keith that it's kind of status quo sideways but up a little, down a little. We don't see any strong, strong 
direction at least in the near term. 

Nonferrous markets are equally fickle. The strong presence of China in our markets has softened to some degree and a 
greater availability of scrap, higher flows for us, particularly in copper and increased metal spreads. Pricing in the 
recent days has also been increasing, particularly in aluminum and nickel. 

On a positive note, I think for us in these tough times is our financial health and ability to provide excellent service is 
allowing us to capture more industrial caps that will increase our market share as the economy rebounds. 

Iron Dynamics, the team there is also executing extremely well through tough times despite significantly lower 
shipments. We shipped 46,000 tons in Q2 versus 62,000 tons in Q1. That's principally due to the Butler sheet metals 
reduced operating rate. Even despite that the financial performance improved from a loss of 3.9 million down to a loss 
of 3.4 million. I believe David and his team did an incredible job. There's been a dramatic improvement in operating 
costs, particularly in feed stock, optimization of feed materials, and a dramatic 30% reduction in natural gas 
consumption, which is – it's quite incredible. 

Mesabi Nugget construction progress continues to do well. As one walks through the facility, it is a very, very well 
engineered plant. The quality of installation is extremely good and we're still on target for a heat up of the refractory of 
the rotary hearth furnace in November, with Nuggets following shortly thereafter in December. 

In conclusion, I think the platform both on the ferrous resources and the recycling side is well positioned for the 
markets going forward. Keith. 

Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you. Good report, Mark. Gary? 

Gary Heasley, Executive Vice President for Strategic Planning and Business 
Development 

Thanks, Keith. The team at New Millennium's done a great job of pushing down costs and reducing exposure to high 
cost steel and what not, as we've seen shipments fall 35,000 tons. I'm sorry. Shipments of 35,000 tons down 53% in 
quarter two of 2008 and sales were 37 million, down 60%. The impact of cost reduction and plant closures have offset 
the decline in sales, allowing the group to generate a breakeven position for the quarter. 

In spite of dramatic declines in joist sales nationwide, New Millennium has maintained market share in a tough 
competitive environment. We're seeing shipments nationwide off about 70% from the peak of 2006 and 2007. I would 
say that it is one of the most efficient joist and deck producers, with the finest in joist plants in the country. New 
Millennium is well positioned to compete and grow share in the difficult market that we see today. 

As we look forward, we see predictions for nonresidential construction remaining week throughout 2009 and 
potentially into 2010. So the focus the team has had on cost reductions on being efficient and running these plants lean 
will continue and I think we will continue to grow shares using our cost position to achieve greater market position for 
the company. 

So, in closing, the team has done a great job in forcing down costs and maintaining customer service. And I look 
forward to more of that as we move forward. Keith? 


Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Gary. Karen, I think we're ready for the Q-and-A. 

Q&A 
Operator 

[Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Michelle Applebaum with Michelle Applebaum Research 
<Q - Michelle Applebaum>: Hi. Good morning. 
<A - Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Good morning. 
<Q - Michelle Applebaum>: Nice to hear some good news for a change. 
<A - Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Nice to have some. 
<Q - Michelle Applebaum>: Oh, yeah. Can you give me -- two questions. The first question is an accounting question. 


You had a $0.06 gain on your hedging contracts in the first quarter, and I think you expected another one later this year. 


Was there a similar $0.06 gain for the second quarter? 
<A - Theresa Wagler, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Michelle, the unrealized hedging gains 
specifically related to copper during the second quarter were about $12 million pre-tax. 


<Q - Michelle Applebaum>: Okay. And was there anything else unusual in the quarter that may not have made the 


press release? 
<A - Theresa Wagler, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: No, I guess I wouldn't call that unusual in 
nature. 


<Q - Michelle Applebaum>: You wouldn't? 
<A - Theresa Wagler, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: No. 
<Q - Michelle Applebaum>: Will you have that again in the third and fourth quarters as well? 
<A - Theresa Wagler, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Well again, last year we had a 35 to $36 


million, I believe, loss related to hedging, and so that will be recovered throughout the year. So if we had 19 million in 
the first quarter and then we had 12, that's 31 million. So you would expect to get that four or five million back 
sometime throughout the second... 


<Q - Michelle Applebaum>: Right. Well when you did it, when you have the charge in the fourth quarter it was in the 
first paragraph of the press release, and it wasn't in the press release in the first quarter, and it's not in the press release 
in the second quarter. And so I'm just trying to determine if this is an ongoing thing, or is it unusual? 


<A - Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: What it is, Michelle, it's unwinding and it's very, 
steering its end in the third quarter or the fourth, it will end this year. 


<Q - Michelle Applebaum>: Okay, so it's a few pennies less. And then if we... 
<A - Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: And you have to understand we based all of that into 
our projections. 


<Q - Michelle Applebaum>: Oh, right, I know. I won't take it out. That's very clear. I was just trying to find out the 
magnitude, because if it wasn't in there and it would be next quarter, then it would have a difference. But, yeah, I know 



that your guidance assumed that $0.06 gain. I'm very aware of that. Would we expect to see again in the fourth quarter 
another big charge the way we did last year fourth quarter? 

<A - Theresa Wagler, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Michelle, hedging is actually a part of how we 
try and mitigate the risk exposure we have at our scrap operations, because they're commodity-based. And so it's part of 
ongoing operations. The reason there was a loss in the fourth quarter is because we had extended positions as the 
copper markets were falling very, very quickly as everyone's aware. So we don't expect that, no, but we're subject to the 
volatility of the market and we're trying to protect our cash and our margins, versus just the sales dollars. So I can't 
speak to that. 

<A - Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: And the way Mark and his team, actually they've 
revamped the way they look at hedging, and I think have a better game plan going forward. 

<Q - Michelle Applebaum>: Okay, yeah. On the Zataca, given that it was private before you bought it, it's not a 
company I have a lot of familiarity with. And so I'm asking these questions because it's kind of new in your mix as the 
quarters fall out so it's interesting. So you would expect less hedging, less of this kind of impact. 

I wanted to ask you also in terms of the market, in your comments and guidance, you seemed more hedged than I 
would have expected in terms of the outlook for flat rolled. Is that just a matter of having been shell shocked by the 
whole market the last nine months, or do you have reasons why you think the market may not hold up in the summer in 
the flat rolled side? Are you just being conservative? 

<A - Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I think I said that we expect to operate at near capacity, 
which will offset the lower operating rates we're experiencing in the long products field. So I think the earnings there 
will deliver the significant difference from a $0.10 loss to as wide as a $0.20 gain. I think I said I don't expect to see 
any deterioration of our forecast numbers when we update guidance in September, maybe it could be a little higher. It's 
too early to predict that, but I think it's a pretty reasonable move from quarter to quarter. 

<Q - Michelle Applebaum>: Oh, yes. No. It's terrific. I'm excited to see the process. So listen, great job in a very 
rough environment and thanks for the accounting lesson, Theresa. I appreciate that. I don't have a lot of experience with 
hedging. 

<A - Mark Millett, Executive Vice President for Metals Recycling and Ferrous Resources, President and Chief 
Operating Officer, OmniSource Corporation>: Michelle? 

<Q - Michelle Applebaum>: Yes. 

<A - Mark Millett, Executive Vice President for Metals Recycling and Ferrous Resources, President and Chief 
Operating Officer, OmniSource Corporation>: One comment on the hedging. You also have to bear in mind a little, 
as you unwind the contracts, you've got to look at the realized gain or loss at the same time. And so in the second 
quarter, although unrealized gain was 12 million, as we unwind the contracts and you balance out everything, there was 
a realized loss of 10. So the actual impact to the bottom line through that hedging was a couple million bucks. So you 
can't just conclude that the hedging alone improved our posture so greatly. 

<Q - Michelle Applebaum>: We're going to have to finish this offline. Where I get confused is if you had this $0.12 in 
the fourth quarter that you told us to add back to your results, then it would theoretically come out somewhere later on. 
So I expect to see balance here so, but we can finish this offline. 

<A - Mark Millett, Executive Vice President for Metals Recycling and Ferrous Resources, President and Chief 
Operating Officer, OmniSource Corporation>: That's fine. 

<Q - Michelle Applebaum>: Okay. Thanks. 

<A - Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 


Operator 

Our next question comes from Luke Folta with Longbow Research. 

<Q - Luke Folta>: Hi, good morning guys. 

<A - Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Morning. 

<Q - Luke Folta>: Just a quick question on the flat rolled side. It seems pretty obvious you guys are gaining share in 
this business. Do you think this is a function of your customer mix or is there some strategy you're employing in this 
business and do you think that's sustainable once the some of the integrated capacity starts coming back online over the 
next couple of months? 

<A - Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, some of it, Luke, could actually be related to our 
ability to respond at a moment's notice. I would hope that the quality of our products continues to improve, the product 
offerings that we offer to the marketplace continue to expand so hopefully with good service along with good quality 
we are gaining market share, it will be our intention to gain market share. As to are we really or aren't we really, I don't 
really know, it's an assumption I think we all have to make at this point in time. 

<Q - Luke Folta>: Okay. And then just on the recycling side, can you give us a little more color on your outlook as far 
as, are you suggesting that the metals recycling business will, as a whole, will be profitable in the second half? 

<A - Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: The metals – well, the OmniSource component of that 
segment will be profitable in the second half and as we suggested will be profitable for the year. The segment is 
different, the segment contains iron dynamics, which will lose money throughout the year because of the low transfer 
values of that product in relation to its cost structure in that it supplies this product to SDI at market and market isn't 
that brisk at this point in time. Mesabi Nugget is just a start up operation. We'll continue to generate some losses 
throughout the remainder of the year. But Omni will not only be profitable second half, it will be profitable for the year 
is our forecast. 

<Q - Luke Folta>: All right. I'll turn it over. Thank you. 

Operator 

Next we'll go to Sal Tharani with Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - Sal Tharani>: Morning, guys. 

<A - Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Hey, Sal. 

<Q - Sal Tharani>: Just wanted to first confirm the utilization rates. At Butler, are you using the new utilization, new 
capacity of three million or is it at 2.8, 2.7? And also at Colombia are you adding the new capacity which you brought 
in last year in your utilization rate numbers? 

<A - Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I don't know what Dick's using, I think we're all the 
same. We're using something very close to three million. 

<A - Richard Teets, Jr.>: Correct. 

<A - Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: But at Columbia City it's – I think we're measuring it 
this year against 1.5 million, we are not going to see a lot of progress on the medium section though without an order 
book. So we've said our capabilities there would probably be, given the lack of practice, ability to dial in all products 
because of a lack of demand for those types of products in general. We felt a fair number would be 1.5 million tons, 
increasing in time to, and perhaps next year we'll just modify it and call it 1.8 million, because I think we're becoming 
rather accomplished, at this point in time, and therefore 1.8 million might be a good number for next year. But we're 
using 1.5 million this year. 


<Q - Sal Tharani>: Okay, thanks. And you, I believe you said in the press release that you were actually profitable at 
beam business, even at 25% utilization rate? 
<A - Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: At the operating level, yes. 


<Q - Sal Tharani>: Okay. 
<A - Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: We missed having pre-tax income by a little bit, but we 
expect in the third quarter it to be profitable, not only from an operating perspective, but even from a pre-tax 
perspective at very low operating rates. 


<Q - Sal Tharani>: So give us just a little color, if you're operating this double, I mean, there could be a huge 
profitability in this business, because being profitable at 25% is really incredible. 
<A - Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: It would have a significant, positive impact. 
<Q - Sal Tharani>: Okay. 


<A - Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I'll stay away from the word huge. 
<Q - Sal Tharani>: Okay. A couple of more things, on share count, Theresa, can you give us an idea of what kind of 
share count you use at the – if all of them will be included this time? All 31 million? 


<A - Theresa Wagler, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. It will be, Sal. The way to look at it is 
it'll be, the outstanding right now is 215, that includes the 31 million. So you would use that quarter-over-quarter, and 
then in addition if we're, because we anticipate making money, you now need to look at the dilution factor of the stock 
options and the convertible notes as well. 


<Q - Sal Tharani>: And your 0.10 to $0.20 includes all kind of these options in there? 
<A - Theresa Wagler, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: That's correct. 
<Q - Sal Tharani>: So it means on an operating level it's going to be even much better than the EPS reversal from 


minus 10 to plus 10, 20, since you have a dilution of 12 to plus 12 to 15% in the EPS line? 
<A - Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: You have a dilution from the converts that will have to 


be recognized, as Theresa said, in the third quarter, given a profitable third quarter, but I think we're on the same 
wavelength there. 
<Q - Sal Tharani>: Okay. Thank you very much. 


Operator 

Next we'll go to UBS' Timna Tanners. 
<Q - Timna Tanners>: Hi. Good morning. 
<A - Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Good morning. 
<Q - Timna Tanners>: You've been really thorough, so just a couple questions, really. If you could remind us what 


you think your exposure is to the auto industry roughly? Specifically on SPQ wondering why it's such a muted outlook, 


given the exposure generally to the auto industry? 
<A - Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I don't think at SPQ we're all that exposed to the auto 
industry. 


<Q - Timna Tanners>: Okay. 


<A - Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: We're more exposed to heavy construction markets like 
Caterpillar and John Deere and forging markets and things of that nature. Obviously, being able to run smaller sizes 
with any kind of great success would give us more exposure to the automobile and truck community, but I don't think 
it's that significant of an exposure for us at this point in time. And the other part of your question, Timna, was... 

<Q - Timna Tanners>: Oh, just overall auto exposure within the entire company. 

<A - Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I don't think it's changed a lot. In flat rolled there's 
obviously little to no exposure, no exposure would be the correct term for most long products other than SPQ. And in 
flat rolled we've always said that we – it's hard to tell because we sell a lot of our product through the service center 
community and not a lot through OEMs. But we've always said we believed – considering the truck marketplace, as 
well as the car marketplace that collectively we're probably somewhere between, who knows, 20 and 30%. I mean, it's 
just a guess. Maybe the high 20s. 

<Q - Timna Tanners>: Overall. 

<A - Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: And that should be improving. I think all of the 
suppliers are starting to see better order entry, because the pipelines emptied out to a great degree. A lot of that business 
activity has probably covered by the new domestics or the transplants, but I think Chrysler and General Motors do 
make some very fine products that are fairly heavy demand. And we should be rewarded in that we have good positions 
through Heidtman in that arena. So I know John's order book at Heidtman Steel is picking up and that he's largely tied 
to automotive and that should at the same time, help SDI. 

<Q - Timna Tanners>: Okay, so just to clarify, high 20% is the overall company, or just within flat rolled? 

<A - Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Just within flat rolled. 

<Q - Timna Tanners>: Got you. Okay. And then the other question I wanted to ask was actually running full out to 
me seems to indicate a lot of confidence in the flat rolled market. And I was wondering, seemed like there was 
comments that indicated it was more than just and end of destocking or restocking. Can you talk about the underlying 
demand evidence that you're seeing that gives you the confidence in the flat rolled space, please? 

<A - Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, Timna, it's just order entry. We're running against 
a book of business that we haven't seen for a long time. And as I said, we think a lot of it's destocking related, refilling 
pipelines in other arenas in addition to the automobile community. But right now we're out into September and we 
haven't even opened the books for September. We have a backlog of business especially in value added that will go into 
September. And with the expected order entry a positive pickup in our direction at Heidtman we think our flat rolled 
will probably fill rather rapidly as well. So we're just forecasting our run rate against our backlog. It's all for demand in 
July, August and September, and we have good bill capability. We'll run it, we'll deliver it. I can't see out as far as 
October. 

<Q - Timna Tanners>: Got you. Okay. 

<A - Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: However it remains at risk, we're certainly not trying to 
forecast it's going to fall into the abyss in the fourth quarter, but I don't know that the rest of the sectors beyond the 
automobile community will continue to pick up all that strongly. Part of that book you asked how much is dependent in 
our flat rolled business, how much of it is automotive related, we said high 20s. Remember, about 30% of it's 
construction related as well, and that marketplace is really in the tank, and until we see some movement there that 
would give us some more confidence, it's hard to predict to the degree that we can maintain this kind of strength in flat 
rolled. 

<Q - Timna Tanners>: Fair enough. Then finally, any evidence of infrastructure stimulus demand in any of your 
products? 

<A - Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: No evidence in that, but to tag onto Mark's comment 
about Cash for Clunkers, I do think whether we believe it's a one time, or a one year or a two year event, I think Cash 


for Clunkers we'll probably move a few more automobiles. And I think that's probably a good thing, because as 
Chrysler and General Motors go back to work the natural tendency when the pipes empty is to build more cars that are 
actually being consumed, and the Cash for Clunkers could modify that equation and hopefully the two could be in a 
better balance. Because you'd hate to see a situation where the pipe fills up by October and November and the third 
shift gets laid off again, so to speak. But I think Cash for Clunkers might be short term helpful for everyone. 

<Q - Timna Tanners>: Okay. Great. Thanks very much. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Charles Bradford with Affiliated Research Group. 

<Q - Charles Bradford>: Good morning. 

<A - Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Hi Chuck. 

<Q - Charles Bradford>: A couple questions, first of all what's the status of the mining permits that you need up in 
Minnesota? 

<A - Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Mark? 

<A - Mark Millett, Executive Vice President for Metals Recycling and Ferrous Resources, President and Chief 
Operating Officer, OmniSource Corporation>: They're ongoing, Chuck. We were anticipating, I think, getting a 
permit kind of the end of this year, first quarter next year. I would imagine that that is going to get delayed a little bit, 
but again, it's just ongoing. 

<Q - Charles Bradford>: If you were to get those permits by early next year, could you have the mines going by the 
end of next year? 

<A - Mark Millett, Executive Vice President for Metals Recycling and Ferrous Resources, President and Chief 
Operating Officer, OmniSource Corporation>: We can have the mines going approximately 10 months from after 
we get the permit, 10 to 12 months. 

<Q - Charles Bradford>: Okay. Thank you. Another question, on metallics you talked about how your scrap cost 
came down $79 a ton, which is a lot more than one of your competitors just reported. But you didn't give a figure on 
what your cost of usage was. Would it be fair to say it's closer to $200? 

<A - Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: It's a little below that, Chuck. We don't give out a 
specific number, but it was below that. 

<Q - Charles Bradford>: Below that. Okay, thank you very much. 

Operator 

Next we'll go to Mark Parr with Eban Capital Markets (sic) KeyBanc Capital Markets. 

<Q - Mark Parr>: Hey thanks. I'm still at the same place. It's KeyBanc. Good morning, everybody. 

<A - Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Good morning, Mark. 

<Q - Mark Parr>: I'm not sure where that one came from. Yeah, Keith, I wanted to follow on to some of the 
conversation that Chuck had. Could you give us an update on your concentrate contract for Mesabi, and what sort of 
cost differential you might be looking at in the next year because of the changing metallic marketplace? 

<A - Mark Millett, Executive Vice President for Metals Recycling and Ferrous Resources, President and Chief 
Operating Officer, OmniSource Corporation>: Well for the first couple of years, Mark, we have anticipated or sort 


of hedged our bets, so to speak, that perhaps the mine wouldn't come up right on time. So we have got contracts out 
there, and those contracts are a mix. We had some old QCM, well it's not a contract anymore, but we had some QCM 
concentrate delivered at this year's, last year's pricing. And we've got other material coming in on a market basis. 

<Q - Mark Parr>: Okay. So you're, by a market basis I mean you're looking at buying concentrate on a spot, basically 
on a spot relationship? 

<A - Mark Millett, Executive Vice President for Metals Recycling and Ferrous Resources, President and Chief 
Operating Officer, OmniSource Corporation>: The relationships that we have are contracted supply but it's indexed 
against Canadian concentrate pricing. 

<Q - Mark Parr>: Okay, all right. And that represents pretty much 100% of your concentrate needs until you get the 
mine up and running? 

<A - Mark Millett, Executive Vice President for Metals Recycling and Ferrous Resources, President and Chief 
Operating Officer, OmniSource Corporation>: Yes. 

<Q - Mark Parr>: Okay, that's helpful. 

<A - Mark Millett, Executive Vice President for Metals Recycling and Ferrous Resources, President and Chief 
Operating Officer, OmniSource Corporation>: And again, there's a mix. We've got concentrate coming in from 
several different streams. We have some other concentrate coming in from a company called Magnetation, that is 
actually reclaiming concentrate from the old tanning spots, and that is competitively priced. 

<Q - Mark Parr>: Okay, that's great. In terms of IDI, you had talked about improvements in raw material costs. And 
also I think Keith mentioned that there had been a significant improvement in natural gas consumption. That being said, 
IDI's going to continue to operate at a loss this year. Could you talk about a little bit about the difference in the cost of 
production at IDI versus the pricing because it looks like you made some significant progress on the cost side even 
though pricing is down? How much is the cost mitigated to lower transfer pricing that you're getting? 

<A - Mark Millett, Executive Vice President for Metals Recycling and Ferrous Resources, President and Chief 
Operating Officer, OmniSource Corporation>: The transfer price right now is roughly 350 bucks. 

<A - Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: That's for liquid now. 

<A - Mark Millett, Executive Vice President for Metals Recycling and Ferrous Resources, President and Chief 
Operating Officer, OmniSource Corporation>: That's for liquid iron. 

<A - Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: It's not solid. 

<Q - Mark Parr>: Right. 

<A - Mark Millett, Executive Vice President for Metals Recycling and Ferrous Resources, President and Chief 
Operating Officer, OmniSource Corporation>: There is a hot metal credit that can be valued at around 20, $25 a ton. 
The pig iron market is appreciating a little and in all honestly, probably if we were to have pig iron delivered today, it 
would be a little higher than 350. But a sort of a breakeven number is around about – for Iron Dynamics is about $400. 

<Q - Mark Parr>: Okay. How did that change from where you were, say, last year at this time? 

<A - Mark Millett, Executive Vice President for Metals Recycling and Ferrous Resources, President and Chief 
Operating Officer, OmniSource Corporation>: Last year at this time, it was probably closer to 450 I would think. 

<Q - Mark Parr>: All right. I'm just trying to get a sense of – is most of that reduction just a function of the raw 
material input cost or have there been any structural improvements in the profitability at IDI that you've achieved? 

<A - Mark Millett, Executive Vice President for Metals Recycling and Ferrous Resources, President and Chief 
Operating Officer, OmniSource Corporation>: It's all in the tweaking David and his team have done. If you go back 
to two or three years ago, when we were concentrate based. Obviously, the present production cost would be hell a lot 


higher. But that is – so we – recycling mill scale and other materials today. I would say given two or three years, that is 
the structural change. 

<Q - Mark Parr>: Yes. 

<A - Mark Millett, Executive Vice President for Metals Recycling and Ferrous Resources, President and Chief 
Operating Officer, OmniSource Corporation>: The reduction in natural gas, again, sometimes necessity is the 
mother of invention and some of the things that we've done here in the last couple of months, we've discovered some 
things that perhaps we should have done a year or two ago. But nonetheless, they are quite a good significant advance 
that will remain with us going forward. 

<Q - Mark Parr>: Hindsight, it's always 20-20. Could you give us – just one last question on the raw materials. Could 
you give us an update on what your best estimate is as far as delivered cost of nuggets to Butler? 

<A - Mark Millett, Executive Vice President for Metals Recycling and Ferrous Resources, President and Chief 
Operating Officer, OmniSource Corporation>: The cost of nuggets at Mesabi, given a market price, the transfer of 
concentrate, not the cost, the actual cost of the concentrate, so assuming that the mine gets a market transfer price? 

<Q - Mark Parr>: Okay. 

<A - Mark Millett, Executive Vice President for Metals Recycling and Ferrous Resources, President and Chief 
Operating Officer, OmniSource Corporation>: It's around about $300. 

<Q - Mark Parr>: Then to liquefy that is what? About another $20? 

<A - Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Well that will be hard to say, Mark. The nuggets, it's not 
like Iron Dynamics. They get adjusted into the heart of the bath. You have to look at your times interval. It wouldn't be 
60 or 70 or $80 either. I don't know what the number would be. 

<Q - Mark Parr>: Okay. But what you're looking at right now is about $300 plus transportation? 

<A - Mark Millett, Executive Vice President for Metals Recycling and Ferrous Resources, President and Chief 
Operating Officer, OmniSource Corporation>: Yes. 

<Q - Mark Parr>: Okay. Terrific. One last question if I could. For Omni, could you talk a little bit about your export 
mix from a revenue standpoint and then also what you think that the reduction in head count and some of the cost 
reductions you've done, how has that changed the normalized spread for the scrap business going forward in terms of 
dollars per ton? 

<A - Mark Millett, Executive Vice President for Metals Recycling and Ferrous Resources, President and Chief 
Operating Officer, OmniSource Corporation>: On the export side, I don't have that volume, Mark. I can get that for 
you but we'll have that in the future because I think that was a question I was asked last time. On the cost going 
forward, as I said we are stripped out about $25 million a quarter as compared to say Q3 of last year. Obviously, our 
volumes are down and not all of that will be the same going forward. Today I would hazard a guess that a good $15 
million of that. 

<Q - Mark Parr>: Okay. 

<A - Mark Millett, Executive Vice President for Metals Recycling and Ferrous Resources, President and Chief 
Operating Officer, OmniSource Corporation>: It's the same I guess. 

<A - Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Mark, I just did some quick math. I think if Mark's price 
moves up $50 a ton because market, good fortune moves to deliver price of pig iron up $50 then he starts to push back 
in the black at Iron Dynamics. 

<Q - Mark Parr>: Okay. Thanks, Keith. Thank you very much and congratulations on the solid second quarter and the 
second half outlook. 


<A - Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Next we'll go to Kuni Chen with Banc of America. 

<Q - Kuni Chen>: Hi. Good morning everybody. 

<A - Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Good morning. 

<Q - Kuni Chen>: I guess just to start off, can you just walk us through any major maintenance outages across your 
system that we should be thinking about in the third quarter? Then just perhaps give us a breakdown of the Mesabi 
expenses that you expect to flow through in the third and fourth quarters. 

<A - Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: We'll have Theresa will tackle the Mesabi expenses in a 
minute. As for major outages, Dick can chime in, but I think we're in good repair and expect no major outages. In the 
third quarter, we will have some normal maintenance, downturns in the fourth quarter, usually in the October kind of 
timeframe, three to four days. 

<A - Richard Teeter, Jr.>: That's correct. And the only major outage will be, that's longer than that, will be at 
Roanoke installing a final tie-ins for our baghouse. But we'll mitigate that exposure by pre-producing the billets 
required for the rolling mill. So you won't see a reduction in the rolling or stripping aspects. 

<Q - Kuni Chen>: Okay. 

<A - Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: The question was anticipated losses in the third and 
fourth quarter related to nugget. 

<A - Theresa Wagler, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Depending upon the startup, Kuni, we expect 
somewhere between 4 and $5 million of expense in the third quarter and probably five to six in the fourth quarter. And 
that would be assuming the heating of the RHF in the November timeframe that Mark mentioned earlier. 

<Q - Kuni Chen>: Okay. Great. Then just one follow-up, OmniSource it certainly looks like you're having some good 
cost improvements there. And there's certainly head count reductions. What are your plans as far as costs or efficiencies 
out this business going forward from here? How much more can you wring out of the operations over the next year or 
so? 

<A - Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I don't think there's much more to go. I don't want to 
speak for Mark. But when you wring 90 million – $95 million out of something on an annualized basis, that's pretty 
darn significant in relation to where the earnings posture of the company was prior to that. 

<A - Mark Millett, Executive Vice President for Metals Recycling and Ferrous Resources, President and Chief 
Operating Officer, OmniSource Corporation>: Again, I don't think there's a huge amount to do there. Obviously as 
volume comes back on a unit basis, we're going to see some dramatic change. 

<Q - Kuni Chen>: Right. Okay. And actually just one last question, more of an industry question. I mean if I look at 
the spread between wide flan beam pricing and obsolete scrap, and kind of look at that spread over a long period of 
time, 10 or 15 years, it's typically been sort of in the 2 to 300 per ton type of range. But certainly recently even despite 
the weak environment we're in, you're at a pretty significant spread. What do you attribute that to? Is that just the fact 
that kind of high base prices have been locked in? Or are there other factors kind of contributing to that spread staying 
high even at these low utilization rates? 

<A - Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, I think with the lower utilization rate the spread 
needs to grow if you're to remain profitable, because the cost structures climb dramatically on a per-ton basis ex scrap. 
So those spreads are necessary to achieve profitability. That doesn't mean they're going to stay there. You can't predict 
future market activity, but certainly widening spread has not been disappointing to any of us, because it's allowed us to 


hang in there at the kind of break-even, make a small profit kind of level in that business. 

<Q - Kuni Chen>: All right. Good enough. Thanks a lot. 

Operator 

Next we'll go to JPMorgan's Dave Cass. 

<Q>: All right. I was hoping that you guys could talk a little bit about the inventory expectations? There was a strong 
drop off between first quarter and second quarter of almost 100 million. With the expectations, I know you guys can't 
look out that far, but where are you kind of expecting to see that go through at third quarter? And then as third quarter 
pours through, if you see demand staying stable, where do you anticipate building inventories for the rest of the year? 

<A - Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Well if demand should pick up, in long products, we 
probably would still be just fine from an inventory perspective, but we're not very long there either, and we're not out of 

– we don't have huge positions relative to scrap in the long products arena. The position we have in flat rolled has been 
coming down, rather rapidly, and can be maintained at lower levels without jeopardizing business activity. 
<A - Theresa Wagler, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Dave, I wouldn't look at inventory as being 
either a significant source or use of funds on that perspective, given the rest of this year, at least not what we're looking 
at currently. 

<Q>: Okay. And then sorry if I missed it earlier, but you had said that you had reduced employee head count quite 
substantially, and didn't anticipate it building back up again. 

<A - Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: It could build a little bit, Dave, but it's not going to go 
back up 1,000 people. 

<Q>: Right, and I was just curious how would that be possible if over the longer term we did get back up to somewhere 
near where we were before in terms of production? 

<A - Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, I think in fabrication the operating capability of 
the three facilities we have, which are well positioned geographically east of the Mississippi River. Their ultimate 
capability is well beyond anything we've already realized, so you could add a line or two here or there, which would 
add back some head count. We certainly could be in good position to respond to any kind of market activity. I think in 
flat rolled we – well, in all steel related business where the headcounts aren't down that much, we are pretty down 
efficient at this point in time and we may have found that we could do without a soul here or a body there but there isn't 
any ramp up really necessary to maintain the volumes. Certainly, in the recycling arena, we just think that the more 
efficient business systems that Mark and his team have developed and a greater focus in certain areas has increased 
their capability to get the same amount out the door with fewer folks at the helm. Mark, maybe you can add to that? 

<A - Mark Millett, Executive Vice President for Metals Recycling and Ferrous Resources, President and Chief 
Operating Officer, OmniSource Corporation>: Again putting it up to practices and the way we do things I think has 
allowed us to streamline the organization, we're combining two of our divisions, Mid-Ohio and Northern Ohio, which 
allows some synergy and just looking at the organization as a whole just making sure that we are not doing double duty 
anywhere. Obviously, our employee count will grow to some degree in the yards as flows come back to prior levels or 
anywhere close to them. 

<Q>: Okay, thanks very much. 

Operator 

Next we have John Tumazos with John Tumazos Very Independent Research. 


<Q - John Tumazos>: Congratulations on all the improvements. With the tough conditions in heavy construction 
markets and the likelihood that healthcare and other things crowd out the infrastructure spun monies that may never be 
spent, do you see a case for just not writing down, not impairing, not permanently shutting down but taking a rolling 
mill or a fabricating plant offline for two or three years? Given the extent of vacancies in commercial buildings? 

<A - Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, we've already taken two fabricating plants offline 
but I think our – as it relates to the heavy construction market and its impact on Pittsboro I think they're just constantly 
looking at new market opportunities and looking to further penetrate the market as a new player. Roanoke has a pretty 
stable client base and I think it's going to do fine in spite lack of a stimulus heavy infrastructure spending; Butler, the 
same way. Structural – and we're constantly looking at new product fields we can get involved with beyond Rail. We're 
starting to do a lot more channels. We're looking at big angles. We're looking at other opportunities, John. So I don't 
see shuttering any of these facilities in the near term even though the outlook in the heavy construction universe looks a 
little dismal without some more hard dollars committed to the construction community or to heavy infrastructure rather 
than just remodeling jobs so to speak. 

<Q - John Tumazos>: Keith, in terms of the $1,047 realization for joists and related products, that probably reflects 
bids that were made six or 12 months ago. Is – the joist divisions bid new business, what is the pricing like? Is it closer 
to 750? 

<A - Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, it is, John. It's down a lot, but their inventory, the 
cost of their raw materials, is also down a lot. So I don't know that their bottom line from an operating income 
perspective is going to move around gigantically. It could move into a loss in the third quarter, but it's not going to be a 
big loss I don't think. 

<Q - John Tumazos>: Congratulations on holding those margins as much as you have. 

<A - Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Next we'll go to Dahlamn Rose's Tony Rizzuto. 

<Q - Tony Rizzuto>: Thanks very much. Hi, everyone. Keith, you mentioned in flat rolled that you indicated 25 to 
30% of the mix there was automotive and truck-related, another 30% construction-related. What about the remaining 
40 to 45%? 

<A - Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, it's hard to know where all the products go. 
Agriculture, appliances – energy would be a fairly significant market of size; it could be 15% by itself or greater, but it 
would be markets like that. We do get involved in all sorts of consumer goods products, exercise equipment, things of 
that nature, where we make a lot of the boxes for computer hardware. And we're involved heavily in metal buildings 
although that segment of the market is not doing all that well either, so it's pretty broad. 

<Q - Tony Rizzuto>: Pretty broad and then similarly for the Techs. Now I realize a higher proportion of the sales there 
are to non-auto OEMs, but how is that order book shaping up there and, you know, rough approximation of the end 
markets there? Would it be similar to what you just gave us? 

<A - Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes. They've got a pretty good book right now. They've 
also improved significantly. I don't know how far, Dick, how far out are they? 

<A - Richard Teeter, Jr.>: Well, again, they're sold out for August, and they will be today opening the book, I 
believe, for September. So they're very positive about the outlook. 

<Q - Tony Rizzuto>: So you're operating pretty full out there? 

<A - Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes sir. At this point in time, yes. 


<Q - Tony Rizzuto>: And just one more question, then, I just want to make sure I heard correctly that OmniSource, 
did I hear you say that you've wrung out 95 million annualized in cost savings since the acquisition? 

<A - Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, somewhere around 90, 95 million. 

<Q - Tony Rizzuto>: Okay. And now when you guys moved your corporate headquarters, should we expect any 
meaningful cost savings? Are there any other initiatives? You guys have already done a lot, and you run a pretty lean 
ship, but is there anything else we should be thinking about for the balance of the year? 

<A - Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I think most of that's been accomplished. We have the 
building for sale, whether we lease it or sell it in this market's an open question but should we sell it we might take in 
some income that was unexpected, but other than that nothing to report there. 

<Q - Tony Rizzuto>: Okay. All right. Good performance. Thank you. 

Operator 

Next we'll go to Brian Yu with Citigroup. 

<Q - Brian Yu>: Great. Thanks. Keith, question for you on the long product side of your business, is the general 
feedback from your sales force that customers there are still destocking? Or do you get the sense that they're basically 
kind of ordering at the same pace that they're selling the product at? 

<A - Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I think up 'til recently they've been destocking. 
Destocking in unusual ways, even selling to each other to destock, and eventually that hits bottom as well, and then you 
have a truer measure of where the economy is at from a real demand perspective. That we don't know yet. 

<Q - Brian Yu>: Okay. And then moving over to the flat rolled product side, I know you'd mentioned you're going to 
open up your September order book soon, this is just for customers to occupy a slot in the mill, right? Prices I don't 
think have been determined yet? 

<A - Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, I'm not going to speak to pricing, but they've been 
determined in our mind, and will be out in the market here shortly. 

<Q - Brian Yu>: All right. Directionally are they up in September? 

<A - Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: We'd like for them to be. 

<Q - Brian Yu>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Next we'll go to Brett Levy with Jefferies & Company. 

<Q - Brett Levy>: Most of the questions have been answered. Can you guys fill in the 2010 CapEx? And if there's not 
an absolute number for 2010, can you at least talk about the major items continuing Mesabi Nugget, et cetera? 

<A - Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Brett, we haven't went through the budget exercise to 
firmly define 2010 yet. That's yet to be done, but there are no significant CapEx expenditures on the horizon. There's a 
couple million here and a couple million there, but no big ones. 

<A - Theresa Wagler, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: The one thing that would be left would be 
determined upon when we would receive the environmental permitting for the mining operations. So that could be 
upwards of 50 to $75 million potentially in 2010. But again, it's dependent. That would be the only significant project 
that I'd be aware of. 


<A - Richard Teeter, Jr.>: We have a couple of million dollars up to $5 million of environmental work we're doing in 
the mill shop down at the Steel of West Virginia. And we also have completion opportunities. You know we've put on 
hold many of our expansion projects and so forth. And we're going to review those and reinitiate ones, again, that have 
incremental opportunities but not necessarily just go open the floodgates. So we'll review Pittsboro expansion as well 
as Columbia City, second hazard project in the near future. 

<Q - Brett Levy>: And maintenance around 100? 

<A - Theresa Wagler, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: No. It's not that high. And remember when 
you're talking about maintenance CapEx we're talking about those small projects that Dick would have just mentioned. 
So I would say that's maybe 50 or $60 million in a normalized year. 

<Q - Brett Levy>: Got it. And then last question is as it relates to the scrap business, obviously there is a scrap 
inventory that needs to be worked off before the scrap business can run at the same utilization as the mini-mill 
customers. By your best guesstimate around what month, at current run rates, does it look as if the scrap overhang starts 
to go away? 

<A - Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Mark's pondering that right now. 

<A - Mark Millett, Executive Vice President for Metals Recycling and Ferrous Resources, President and Chief 
Operating Officer, OmniSource Corporation>: For our own inventories or for the industry? 

<Q - Brett Levy>: Both. 

<A - Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: We have scrap. Let's just put it that way. The flows 
have improved. Demand's not all that significant yet domestically. Foreign demand has abated a little bit. I wouldn't say 
the inventory overhangs are significant for anyone at this point in time. I wouldn't describe them as significant anyway. 

<A - Mark Millett, Executive Vice President for Metals Recycling and Ferrous Resources, President and Chief 
Operating Officer, OmniSource Corporation>: I think, Rick. We, I think we are in great position inventory-wise. I 
would suggest that there are other steel mills out there that they've been cash conscious and prudent and drawn down 
inventories. So I suggest that the steel mill community as a whole is pretty tight. Time is right. 

<A - Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: The scrap sector itself, you've got a mix. But most of 
the scrap yards have got a reasonable inventory. But that's being liquidated here as prices have popped up. 

<Q - Brett Levy>: Do you think you run at 50% utilization in the Scrap business by the end of the year? 

<A - Mark Millett, Executive Vice President for Metals Recycling and Ferrous Resources, President and Chief 
Operating Officer, OmniSource Corporation>: Say again. I'm sorry, I missed that one. 

<A - Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: He said would we run at 50% utilization. We're already 
at 50%. We're going to be higher than that probably. 

<Q - Brett Levy>: Thanks very much, guys. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Wayne Atwell with Casimir Capital. 

<Q - Wayne Atwell>: Thank you and congratulations on essentially breaking even in a tough environment. 

<A - Brett Levy>: Thank you, Wayne. 

<Q - Wayne Atwell>: I realize you just fixed your balance sheet, but is there any equipment out there that might make 
sense for you, and you can't obviously tell us specifics, but have you had any conversations with any organizations 
where there are some equipment that might fit in well with your set of assets? 


<A - Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: It's not something we would comment on, Wayne. 

<Q - Wayne Atwell>: But just in general, is there anything out there that might be interested, or are you likely to have 
any initiatives? 

<A - Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: It's just not something we're going to comment on. 

<Q - Wayne Atwell>: Okay, thank you. 

Operator 

And our last question comes from Sal Tharani with Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - Sal Tharani>: Theresa, very quickly, can you give us some color on the working capital for Q3 – what do you 
expect? 

<A - Theresa Wagler, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yes, again, even from the same instance that 
we talked about for inventory, from a working capital perspective, Sal, I just wouldn't look at it to be significant use or 
source of funding right now. Like anything you may use a little bit as receivables increase potentially at the flat roll and 
the tax, but otherwise I just would look at net neutral. 

<Q - Sal Tharani>: Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Thank you. And it does appear that there are no further questions at this time. I'll now turn the conference back over to 
your speakers for any additional or closing remarks. 

Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Karen . Again, thank you, everyone. Your questions were great as always and I hope we answered them 
appropriately. To all of our employees, I want to say thank you for hanging in there and doing yeoman's work. I think 
the esprit de corps that flows through the veins of this company is the best of any steelmaker anywhere in the world. 
And I know we still have tough times ahead of us in certain long products arenas, but we'll get the job done in the end. 
The country will return; the economy will return and we'll move forward together. But we thank you so much for your 
cost control efforts and hanging in there with all of us. You're the best. Thanks. 

Operator 

Once again, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you, again, for your participation. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 


© COPYRIGHT 2009, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


