Q3 2012 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Courtnee Chun Ulrich 
• Gregory B. Maffei 
• Christopher W. Shean 
• Chris Albrecht 
Other Participants 

• Douglas Mitchelson 
• Benjamin Swinburne 
• James Maxwell Ratcliffe 
• John Tinker 
• Thomas W. Eagan 
• Barton Crockett 
• Anthony Wible 
• Matthew J. Harrigan 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day everyone, and welcome to the Liberty Media Corporation Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. Today's call 
is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the conference over to 
Courtnee Ulrich, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 

Courtnee Chun Ulrich 

Good morning. This call includes certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities 
Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements about business strategies, market potential, future financial 
performance, new service and product launches, the pending separation from Starz and other matters that are not 
historical facts. 

These forward-looking statements involve many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ 
materially from those expressed or implied by such statements, including without limitation, possible changes in 
market acceptance of new products or services, competitive issues, regulatory issues, and our ability to satisfy the 
conditions of the Starz separation. 

These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this call and Liberty Media expressly disclaims any 
obligation or undertaking to disseminate any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement contained herein to 
reflect any change in Liberty Media's expectations with regard thereto or any change in events, conditions, or 
circumstances on which any such statement is based. 

On today's call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures, including adjusted OIBDA. The required 
definitions and reconciliations, preliminary note and schedules one through three can be found at the end of this 
presentation. 


And with that, I'd like to introduce Liberty Media's, President and CEO, Greg Maffei. 

Gregory B. Maffei 

Good morning, and thank you and thank you all out there for joining us. Today, speaking on the call, we will have, 
besides myself, Liberty's CFO, Chris Shean; and Starz CEO, Chris Albrecht. 

And on to the highlights. At Starz, we had another strong quarter of subscriber growth; we successfully raised $500 
million in 5% seven-year senior unsecured bonds. According to our underwriters, this is the lowest yield ever for a 
first-time issuer in the high-yield market. And we filed the Form 10 with the SEC regarding the separation of Starz, 
LLC, and Liberty Media. We're still targeting to complete this by year end. 

At SiriusXM, we increased our stake in the quarter to 49.2%, based on the Sirius shares that were outstanding as of 
October 25. Our stake is now worth $9.1 billion based on yesterday's close. We have stated our intention to go over 
50% if our application for de jure control is approved by the FCC. 

I would note only one petition to deny was filed by one individual at the FCC, and we are pleased that the comment 
period is now closed. More broadly, we continue to be very pleased with the strong results at Sirius that they reported 
last week. 

Subscribers at 23.4 million, they raised their guidance for the third time this year. Revenue was up 14%, adjusted 
EBITDA was up 24%, and we will be heavily involved in choosing the next CEO at Sirius to continue the success 
there. Barnes & Noble and Microsoft completed their strategic investment in NOOK Media. 

And we were pleased with the delivery of the new devices at Barnes & Noble, the NOOK HD and the NOOK HD+, 
which started last week. Order volume is very strong. And Live Nation posted another quarter of solid results yesterday 
and continue to make significant progress in the social and mobile areas. 

With that, I'll turn over to Chris Shean to talk about our financial results. 

Christopher W. Shean 

Thanks, Greg. Liberty Media's revenue increased 3% in the quarter to $555 million, while adjusted OIBDA increased 
6% to $137 million in the third quarter. Starz LLC's revenue increased 3% to $400 million and OIBDA increased 1% to 
$108 million in the quarter. Now, quickly looking at liquidity, at quarter end, Liberty had cash and liquid investments 
of $1.2 billion and debt of $541 million. 

Now with that, we'll have Chris Albrecht comment on Starz. 

Chris Albrecht 

Thank you, Chris, and good morning. For those who didn't join us at last month's Liberty investor event in New York, 
let me reiterate how excited we are about the upcoming spin-off. We believe that as an independent company, we're in 
a strong position to capitalize on opportunities and potential alliances in the marketplace. 

Now as to our third quarter financial performance, we're pleased to hit new records of 20.8 million Starz subscribers 
and 34.3 million ENCORE subscribers. Each channel was up 100,000 from last quarter, despite the third quarter 
typically being a slow one for the premium category in terms of sequential subscriber growth. 

The combined 55.1 million subscriber benchmark remains an industry high for a pair of flagship premium channels. 
Revenue from Starz Channel for the third quarter remained relatively flat as compared to the corresponding prior year 
period, as an $8 million increase due to higher effective rates for the Starz Channel services was offset by a $9 million 


decrease. This decrease was due primarily to the non-renewal of the Netflix agreement, which was partially offset by 
growth in the average number of subscriptions for our Starz and ENCORE channels. 

Revenue from Starz Distribution increased $13 million, or 21%, compared to the corresponding period last year. The 
growth was primarily attributable to strong home video performance with Spartacus: Vengeance and strong home video 
and digital sales for AMC Network's, The Walking Dead. 

We look forward to distributing titles from the theatrical slate of the Weinstein Company, including Lawless, The 
Master, Silver Lining's Playbook, Killing Them Softly, and Django Unchained, which bode well for the Anchor Bay 
and Starz digital businesses in 2013 and beyond. 

The recent launches of STARZ PLAY and ENCORE PLAY are authenticated online offerings with Cox 
Communications have progressed well. The new TV Everywhere services have been well-received by our key 
distributors. And we're in advanced stages of discussion for future launches. 

The PLAY services are an important addition to our premium service offerings as they fortify the brands and arrest the 
underlying experience associated with subscriptions to Starz, ENCORE and MOVIEPLEX. 

We're aggressively developing additional device support and new features and functionality as STARZ PLAY gains 
more traction in the marketplace. With the addition of Cox, we're now in front of about 70% of all U.S. multi-channel 
households, primarily through our distributors' own proprietary platforms. 

As you may recall, we made comments in our last call about the challenging operating environment that independent 
programmers face in renewal discussions with various distributors. Recently we renegotiated one of our key affiliation 
agreements with a new multiyear multiplatform extension. And we also have agreement on the substantive financial 
terms for a multiyear extension with another distributor. 

The extended agreements, however, are generally on less favorable economic terms than the previous agreements. The 
extensions provide us with distribution stability with these distributors over the next several years and after an initial 
reduction in revenue provide for annual increases beginning on the first anniversary following the date of the 
extensions for each respective agreement. 

I believe that at Starz, we have the right content strategy in place that will differentiate us among premium content 
providers. Coupled with our strong slate of exclusive feature film content and quality library content, we're 
well-positioned to grow our subscriber base. 

Let me provide with you a taste of what we have in store on originals. We eagerly await the fourth installment of what 
has become our breakout hit series Spartacus, which will begin its final season on January 25. Steven DeKnight, Rob 
Tapert and team have wrapped production on a fitting and no doubt bloody conclusion to this great global franchise. 

As part of our overall deal with DeKnight, he will shift focus and attention over to Incursion, a gritty science fiction 
drama series following soldiers who are fighting a war against an alien race on another planet. 

The next new Starz original series is from the co-writer of the Dark Knight Movie trilogy David Goyer. Da Vinci's 
Demons will debut in the spring of next year following Spartacus. Starz owns full multi-platform rights for the series in 
the US and English speaking Canada. And it's the first project to arise out of our partnership with BBC Worldwide. 

Season two of our wholly-owned series Magic City, which stars Jeffrey Dean Morgan, Danny Houston and Olga 
Kurylenko, is currently in production and has added legendary Academy Award Nominee James Caan. Magic City 
continues to make inroads with audiences and has gained considerable traction in the international marketplace. 

Magic City was also the showcased Starz series that headlined our recently announced content distribution agreement 
with HBO Nordic, leveraging our library of owned and acquired TV and movie product in addition to feature Starz 
original series. HBO Nordic is a model for optimal monetization of the Starz content portfolio. 

Also in 2013, we will premier the series The White Queen, based on the international best-selling novel, The Cousins' 
War by Philippa Gregory. Starz has secured most global rights to the property, and of course, we have the potential 


third season of Boss. Next year, we begin production on Black Sails, which is filmmaker Michael Bay's first scripted 
project for television. Currently in preproduction in South Africa, Starz retains full global multiplatform rights for the 
series. 

Interest and buzz for Black Sails was particularly strong during last month's MidCom conference. I'm also pleased to 
announce on this call a newly secured development project from our partners at Sony Television. The historical fantasy 
series Outlander will be written by Rob Moore (sic) [Ron Moore] and is based on the best-selling award-winning series 
of novels by Diana Gabaldon. 

First run output zones are looking especially strong in 2012 and early 2013. The upcoming Pay Television premiers of 
the blockbuster hits The Amazing Spiderman, Men in Black 3 and 21 Jump Street from Sony, and Disney Pixar's 
Brave, represent but a few of the titles debuting exclusively on Starz. Our output agreements with Disney extend their 
pay TV windows into 2016 and Sony into 2017, running exclusively on our family of Starz and ENCORE channels and 
services through early 2018 and 2019 respectively. 

Thank you and now I will turn the call back over to Greg. 

Gregory B. Maffei 

Thank you. We are excited about the progress we've made during the quarter and what's coming ahead. We are excited 
about the potential separation or the separation which we expect to occur prior to year end. And we look forward to 
speaking to you again next quarter, but let's first, let's handle a few questions. Operator? 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question comes from Doug Mitchelson from Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - Douglas Mitchelson>: Couple questions, first just was the relationship between Liberty and SIRI – who is 
leading the process for the search for the new CEO at SIRI and what would you guys look for in that new CEO and 
around that, as well, any comment around the process and timing that SIRI might institute a share repurchase would be 
helpful. That's sort of the first area of questions. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: So there is a committee of the board, comprised of three members, of which I am the 
Chairman of that committee, and we are just beginning undertaking the search, including hiring a search from and the 
like. But I think there is a deep management team to sustain the success of Sirius XM. We will both looking at internal 
and external candidates for the CEO job. 

As far as the timing of any share repurchase, I think the board will surely have on its agenda for the coming meeting 
return of capital, so that there's no plans that have been announced or agreed to by the board. 

<Q - Douglas Mitchelson>: Any sort of timing on the CEO that you can give us, is it sort of a one month, three 
months, five month, process? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: I think for the caliber of person you're talking about, unlikely to be a one month process, I 
would hope it would be six or less. 

<Q - Douglas Mitchelson>: Okay, fair enough. And then on the comments around Starz distribution and lower pricing, 
is there any further comments you can make around that? Can you give us a sense of percent of distribution that's 
locked in the next couple of years? Anything that will help us try to model revenue going forward would be 
appreciated. 


<A - Chris Albrecht>: Yeah, I can't comment on the specifics of any deal. But I think in our last call, we talked about 
19% of our business that's up for renewal in the next year and with the agreements that I discussed, we have taken care 
of the vast majority of that. 

<Q - Douglas Mitchelson>: And so should we start thinking about the net impact of the increases from older contracts 
plus the impact of new contracts, just sort of nets out and we should look at revenue growth tied to subscriber growth, 
is that a fair way to look at it? 

<A - Chris Albrecht>: Revenue growth tied to subscriber growth. Well, we have flat – we have some fixed rate deals 
that have some built-in increases and we have our consignment deals. So depending on where the growth comes from, 
depends on the effect of the revenue. But, aside from the fact that I can't forecast the future, that's the best that I can do 
with any discussions of how our subscriber business might progress. Like I said, we feel good about our strong 
programming line-up and our ability to grow our services. 

<Q - Douglas Mitchelson>: All right. Thanks so much. 

Operator 

And we'll go next to Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. 

<Q - Benjamin Swinburne>: Thanks. Good morning. Just a quick update on the tax side, Greg, I think you mentioned 
at the Analyst Day that there's some capital loss carry-forwards at Starz and just wanted to see if they were still there, if 
those are planned to be utilized before if those are planned to be utilized before the Liberty spin? And for Chris 
Albrecht, here's at least one vote for a third season of Boss. You can put that in the ledger. 

I was curious on your visibility on the cost side. Sony, as you mentioned, has had one of their better years this year and 
I think you've benefited at Starz over the last several years from a smaller slate at Disney and Sony since there is some 
relationship between box office and your cost structure on the output side. How does that – what does that tell you 
about sort of the 2013 expense outlook for Starz? Do we expect to see costs go up now that the Sony has had a 
successful year and Disney seems to be sort of stabilizing their slate? Thanks. 

<A - Chris Albrecht>: Yeah, no, go ahead, Greg. I'm sorry. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: On the tax losses, related – some of those are related to Starz media transaction partnership 
we did. We expect to liberate those and utilize them at Liberty Media prior to the completion of the Starz spin or spin 
away from Starz. Because there are no capital gains items at Starz to shield, so it's more logical to use them to shield 
gains that we have embedded at Liberty Media and I expect that will be done prior to the completion of the spin, 
therefore prior to year-end. 

<Q - Benjamin Swinburne>: Thanks. 

<A - Chris Albrecht>: Yeah, with regard to the Sony cost, I can't provide any numbers on what our movie costs will 
be. We are transitioning into what's an extension period from a previous Sony deal. And as I stated before, we've 
looked to help fund some of our originals growth from some savings there, but of course, given – you know there is a 
2013 release that hits us in 2014, so depending on whether you're talking about a slate or whether you're – their release 
slate or whether you're talking about movies that come to Starz, you know the timing of that is consistently being 
changed by the studio. And aside from the fact that I can't give you those numbers, it's also very difficult to predict. 

<Q - Benjamin Swinburne>: Okay, thanks. 

Operator 

Thank you. And we'll hear next from James Ratcliffe from Barclays. 


<Q - James Maxwell Ratcliffe>: Morning. Thanks for taking the question. To follow up on the Starz contracts, was 
there any of that impact in 3Q and also just for an accounting purposes, is this going to be handled straight line, the new 
contracts, or actually on a cash basis? And I guess second, Chris, on your programming deals, one asset you have is the 
essentially the blocking rights on digital, in particular, between your first and second window. What are your thoughts 
about prospects to monetize that or your willingness to waive some of those restrictions in exchange for a better deal? 
Thanks. 

<A - Chris Albrecht>: I'm sorry. Could you repeat the second part of the question? 

<Q - James Maxwell Ratcliffe>: Your monetization of the right to have to essentially block distribution of some of the 
movie content between the first and second window you have. 

<A - Chris Albrecht>: Okay. Well, there was no impact in Q3, is the answer to the first part of your question. With 
regard to – I mean, I can't comment on the specifics of the negotiations of our deals with the studios. 

We are in discussions with our studio partners all the time and are certainly interested in exploring the opportunity to 
extend our deals with them. In those conversations, all sorts of things come up, price, rights, you can imagine. 

<Q - James Maxwell Ratcliffe>: All right. Thank you. 

Operator 

And we will go next to John Tinker with Maxim. 

<Q - John Tinker>: Hi. Two brief questions, one, could you just discuss a little more how you think the relationship 
between Barnes & Noble and Microsoft might emerge, other than just putting money in? And is there any – do you 
have any view still on the timing of the spin-offs for NOOK? 

And then, secondly, could you just – everyone talks about the buybacks of companies that you're invested in. Could 
you sort of talk a little more about Liberty and how you see your capital structure going forward, given you mentioned 
you'd like to have $4.5 billion of liquid assets? Thanks. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: So on Microsoft and B&N, I think that's an expanding partnership. And certainly, Barnes & 
Noble aims to make it an expanding partnership, growing the bookstore around the world and expanding it on the 
Windows platform. That's in nascent days, but I think there's a lot of upside for both parties. 

And I think the initiatives that Barnes & Noble is likely to have in education and in the eBook area are going to be very 
affluent for Microsoft and something that they want to get closer to over time. That's certainly Barnes & Noble's goal 
and I believe that will be Microsoft's goal as well. 

As far as buybacks at Liberty parent, Liberty Media; frankly, it's going to be a little more opportunistic going forward, 
would be my guess. We'll be in the mode where, while we do have quite a lot of liquidity, we will have no cash flow 
generating asset. We've had, even through this period, Starz, which has been generating cash to us. 

It will be basically holding a series of stakes, which, while we have significant influence in many cases, like Sirius, like 
Live Nation or Barnes & Noble, we don't actually get access to their cash flows without dividends or the like or share 
repurchase. So I suspect it will be more optimistic and we'll look at that, and we'll look at how we trade on a discount to 
the sum of the parts. 

We've had discounts as wide as, I don't know, 35% or something, and our discount has tightened over the last years. It 
varies, but it has generally tightened. And we'll see what happens once we get the Starz spin done, how that discount 
goes. But my guess is it will tighten further, which will make us at least be thoughtful about share repurchase, if not 
slower. 

<Q - John Tinker>: Thanks. 


Operator 

Thank you. And we'll hear next from Tom Eagan with Canaccord Capital. 

<Q - Thomas W. Eagan>: Sure Thank you. Could you give us some detail on the economics of the deal with the 
BBC? For example, how much, again, are we going to be – what the – how much of the funds are we going to be 
getting from the BBC? What portion of the spending is going to be on your balance sheet? And then I have a follow-up. 
Thanks. 

<A - Chris Albrecht>: Right. Well, it's not a fund with the BBC, but it really depends on the programming mix. I 
mean, right now, we're trying to maximize our original programming spend while, at the same time, help grow our 
distribution businesses. 

So we're trying to find a balance between our investment in worldwide rights against the opportunity to have partners 
who help offset the cost of the program in exchange for them holding on to those rights. So in the dialogue or in the 
script that I laid out before, I think we have a balance of those different choices. 

And going forward, I would expect us to maintain a balance. But it's difficult to predict how many more projects or 
how soon with the BBC, we'll see them come to fruition. 

<Q - Thomas W. Eagan>: Right, I guess, I thought I remembered that they're going to be funding or sourcing about 
50% of the cost of a new series. 

<A - Chris Albrecht>: Yes, or that's also based on the cost of the series. 

<Q - Thomas W. Eagan>: Right. Okay. And then secondly, could you give us a sense of what the margin profile of 
Starz might be post spin. I know that you've added some execs over the past couple of weeks. Is there any reason to 
think that the Starz margin should be materially different than what it is right now? Thanks. 

<A - Chris Albrecht>: Well, first on the exec piece, we haven't added any execs. We've replaced some execs. And 
we're very mindful of what our overhead is on a day-to-day, week-to-week, month-to-month basis. So – and with 
regard to the margins, I don't think that I can comment on that, other than to say that we are looking forward to a 
growth business for Starz. 

<Q - Thomas W. Eagan>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: But I don't think, I think we can say something – there's no substantive incremental cost 
being added that are going to change the margin. It will be the direction the business is driving. Separation itself will 
not add significant cost. 

<Q - Thomas W. Eagan>: Right. Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

And we'll hear next from Barton Crockett with Lazard Capital Markets. 

<Q - Barton Crockett>: Okay. Great. Thank you for the question. I wanted to probe a little bit more on these new 
deals that you struck. Will these set a benchmark that could result in the remaining 81% of distribution contracts 
coming down in price somewhat closer to what this 19% where that's been negotiated over some number of years? 

<A - Chris Albrecht>: Bart, I don't know how to answer a question like that. Even every deal is different, we are a 
valued product by our distributors. And we look for this spin to give us an opportunity to help navigate our business 
with a little bit more flexibility than we've had in the past. And I think that will aid us in our decisions moving forward. 

But it's not – I certainly don't have the ability to predict what distributors will or will not make request of us. As I said, 
these deals that we've had that we've just completed take care of most of the outstanding deals that we needed to get 


done in the near future. So certainly there isn't anything that I can foresee from where I sit right now. 

<Q - Barton Crockett>: Okay. And then a question about the numbers. In the income statement you guys provided us, 
there was 1.281 billion share on earnings of affiliates. I was wondering if you could kind of update us since that's a big 
number what that was about. 

<A - Christopher W. Shean>: Yeah, this is Chris. What that is is we do equity accounting on our Sirius investment. 
They removed a valuation allowance on their NOLs and recognized a big tax benefit. And that is us pulling our share of 
that through the P&L. Likewise, there is a big movement in deferred taxes that solely relates or principally relates to 
that equity pickup. 

<Q - Barton Crockett>: But it's all non-cash. 

<A - Christopher W. Shean>: Correct. 

<Q - Barton Crockett>: Okay, great. Thank you. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Reminiscent of when we took the big gain on News Corp. with the DIRECTV is kind of 
being one of these flow-through deals. 

Operator 

Thank you. And you'll hear next from Tony Wible with Janney. 

<Q - Anthony Wible>: Yeah, I was wondering if you guys could go into whether or not there is any restrictions on any 
kind of mergers or opportunities you guys see with Starz post spin? And I guess playing off of Barton's question, are 
there any specific most favored nation clauses in existing agreements that would cause the new I guess rate card to 
carry over to another deal? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Well, this is Greg, I'll comment. We don't anticipate there's anything in our structures that 
would prohibit us from pursuing partnerships or other kinds of opportunities post the spin. First, and secondly, we don't 
comment on the terms of any individual deals MSN or other clauses. 

<Q - Anthony Wible>: Okay, great, thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. And we'll hear next from Matthew Harrigan with Wunderlich Securities. 

<Q - Matthew J. Harrigan>: Well, thank you. And firstly you've shown a lot of sensitivity on price on the Liberty 
Interactive call and your discussion just now on buying Liberty Media shares. I mean it's fairly evident that you're 
going to run Sirius stock price a lot if you have the scale of buybacks to extract your full incremental capital 
investment, is this toward another mechanism for doing that, is it possible you could do a dividend instead or is there 
some other way to do that? 

And then secondly, I guess for Chris, when you look at Incursion and [ph] Black (28:48), it certainly appeals to the 
adolescent and all of us but also seems marvelously marketable for international markets as far as the economics go. If 
you're able to do something more significant internationally, could you possibly get to even more than 50 hours of 
original programming or maybe do it a little bit faster without having a cash bleed along the way? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Well, this is Greg and I'll comment on the first one. I think we've been discussion for 
several months that a dividend is certainly a potential method of return of capital for all the benefit of all shareholders 
in Sirius and I think that's on the table and something that we and the Sirius board will look at hard. 


<A - Chris Albrecht>: On the programming side, certainly with regard to most of what we have developed and are 
putting into production we look for them to be big tent pole type series that could have great international appeal. And 
our ability to monetize that will definitely affect our ability to continue to invest in programming. We think that the 50 
hour number is a good one from a mix of our theatricals and originals, and also our ability to market them effectively 
with our distribution partners. But, certainly, if there is an opportunity to grow either more quickly or with more critical 
mass, we'll certainly take a look at that. 

<Q - Matthew J. Harrigan>: I can't resist asking this even though I know it doesn't make too much difference in your 
stock price, is Boss actually a little hamstrung internationally because there's such a [indiscernible] (30:45) component 
to it or does it really matter? 

<A - Chris Albrecht>: Well, Boss is owned and distributed by Lionsgate. So we don't have the rights to that. 

<Q - Matthew J. Harrigan>: Okay. 

<A - Chris Albrecht>: You better question – ask for them. 

<Q - Matthew J. Harrigan>: I got it. I knew Lionsgate was involved although I didn't realize they had the... 

<A - Chris Albrecht>: Yeah. 

<Q - Matthew J. Harrigan>: Okay. Thank you. Thanks, Chris. 

Operator 

And ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's Liberty Media Corporation quarterly earnings conference call. 
Thank you for your participation. 

Gregory B. Maffei 

Thank you all for joining and we look forward to speaking with you next quarter. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2013, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


