Q2 2013 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Courtnee Chun Ulrich 
• Christopher P. Albrecht 
• Scott D. MacDonald 
Other Participants 

• Jeff D. Wlodarczak 
• Vasily D. Karasyov 
• John P. Tinker 
• Vijay Jayant 
• Douglas Mitchelson 
• Andrew DeGasperi 
• Benjamin Swinburne 
• Bryan D. Kraft 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Starz Second Quarter Earnings Conference. Today's call is being recorded. 
Now at this time for opening remarks and introductions, I'd like to turn the conference over to the Vice President of 
Investor Relations, Courtnee Ulrich. Please go ahead. 

Courtnee Chun Ulrich 

Good morning. Before we begin, we'd like to remind everyone that this call includes certain forward-looking 
statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements about 
business strategies, market potential, future financial prospects, new service and product launches including original 
programming, new programming distribution platforms, and other matters that are not historical facts. 

These forward-looking statements involve many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ 
materially from those expressed or implied by such statements including, without limitation, market acceptance of new 
products or services, the timely launch of our original programming, the cooperation of our distributors in marketing 
our services, competitive issues, regulatory issues, and continued access to capital on terms acceptable to Starz. These 
forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this call, and Starz expressly disclaims any obligation or 
undertaking to disseminate any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement contained herein to reflect any 
change in Starz's expectations with regard thereto or any change in events, conditions, or circumstances on which any 
such statement is based. 

On today's call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures including adjusted OIBDA. The required 
definitions and reconciliation, Schedule 1 can be found at the end of this presentation. 

And now, I'd like to introduce Starz's CEO, Chris Albrecht. 


Christopher P. Albrecht 

Thank you, Courtnee. Good morning, everyone, and thank you participating. Joining me on the call is our CFO, Scott 
MacDonald. This was the solid quarter for our business. We delivered strong financial results, entered into a new 
agreement with one of our largest distributors and further deployed our TV Everywhere services. We also made 
significant progress with our STARZ Original programming and greenlit exciting new programs, slated for 2014. 

Let's start with the progress we've made with a few of our distribution partners. We're very pleased to enter into a new 
multiplatform agreement with Time Warner Cable. This agreement provides for a long-term relationship, after 
previously having operated on a month-to-month basis. Additionally we launched our authenticated online services, 
STARZ PLAY and ENCORE PLAY with both Time Warner Cable and Bright House Networks. 

We were also pleased to deploy our play services with Cablevision in July. With these combined launches 
approximately 52 million multichannel households have potential access to our authenticated online offerings. Starz 
continues to make great progress on original programming. 

We were very pleased with the reception and performance of Da Vinci's Demons. The first season concluded with an 
average of approximately 4 million viewers per episode across all platforms. We are currently in production on the 10 
episode, second season, returning in 2014. 

The second season of Magic City is currently airing, and early multiplatform numbers indicate that on average 
approximately 3.3 million viewers are watching per episode in line with last season. 

The next STARZ Original The White Queen is premiering next week. Based on the international best-selling novels, by 
Philippa Gregory, it's stars Max Irons and Rebecca Ferguson, two actors I'm sure you're going to be hearing more 
about. Last week we also announced a new dramatic miniseries, Dancing on the Edge, which was created in partnership 
with the BBC and will air on Starz in October. 

Looking forward to our 2014 programming slate, Starz will be premiering Black Sails in January. This will be 
executive producer Michael Bay's first scripted project for television and as a wholly owned series for Starz. Based on 
the strong demand from our worldwide broadcast distribution partners, and the tremendously positive fan response to 
Comic-Con. 

We gave an early greenlit for a second season and are currently in preproduction. Also in 2014 we will air the new 
series Fortitude, a 13-episode drama produced and partnership with Sky Atlantic. Starz retains full pay TV and 
subscription VOD rights in the U.S., including home video and digital, as well all rights in Canada. There is much 
anticipation for another new STARZ original Outlander from Battlestar Galactica executive producer Ronald D. 
Moore. Based on Diana Gabaldon's series of novels, Outlander has a large international fan base with approximately 18 
million books sold worldwide. Outlander is a co-production partnership with Sony Pictures Television and Starz retains 
all domestic multiplatform pay TV rights. 

And finally in 2014, we will air Power, a drama produced by Curtis "50 Cent" Jackson and written by Courtney Kemp 
Agboh who is best known for her work on The Good Wife. Starz retains all global distribution and home entertainment 
rights to this series. 

This week we also announced a new library agreement with Fox and I'm happy to share today that we have also entered 
into a new library deal with MGM. Each of these deals brings hundreds of movies to our channels and services with 
windows extending through the decade. The Fox agreement includes movies from the X-Men, Ice Age and Home 
Alone franchises, while MGM extends and expands our previous library deal bringing back the Rocky and Bond 
franchises to our networks along with scores of other popular titles for our STARZ, ENCORE and MOVIEPLEX 
products. 

At Starz Distribution we had strong performance with the release of Django Unchained and Silver Linings Playbook 
distributed under our Weinstein agreement and we look forward to next month's releases of the first season of Da 
Vinci's Demons and Spartacus: War of the Damned. 


Additionally the third season of The Walking Dead arrives on August 27 and should again be a very strong performer 
on home video and digital platforms. 

Now, I'll turn it over to Scott to talk about our second quarter financial results. 

Scott D. MacDonald 

Thanks, Chris. For the second quarter, Starz's revenue increased 29% to $517.4 million. Adjusted OIBDA increased 
19% to $129.5 million and operating income increased 16% to $116.1 million. At Starz Networks certain contractual 
terms under affiliation agreements with two distributors resulted in the one-time recognition of $18.6 million, 
positively impacting revenue, adjusted OIBDA and operating income. Excluding this one-time item, revenue of the 
Networks segment was up slightly due to a combination of higher effective rates, partially offset by low – by a lower 
number of consignment subscriptions. 

At Starz Distribution, revenue increased as a result of a greater number of new titles distributed under our licensing 
agreement. As Chris mentioned, we saw strong performance from Academy Award nominated films, Django 
Unchained and Silver Linings Playbook. Of the 18 new Weinstein releases planned for 2013, 12 have been released by 
our distribution businesses as of June 30. 

Adjusted OIBDA and operating income for the second quarter were also impacted by an increase in advertising and 
marketing costs resulting from the promotion of two series, Da Vinci's Demons and the second season of Magic City. 
This compares with a single series in the year ago quarter, when we premiered the first season of Magic City. As a 
result, our 2013 original programming related marketing spend is heavily focused in the second quarter. 

In addition, adjusted OIBDA and operating income were also impacted by litigation-related costs and costs associated 
with becoming an independent public company. Starz added 200,000 subscribers during the second quarter to finish at 

21.8 million, while ENCORE remained essentially flat at 35.1 million subscribers. The growth during the quarter in 
Starz subscribers was a result of strong packaging at multiple distributors. For ENCORE certain distributors focused on 
lower-cost packaging such as entry-level digital offerings that exclude the ENCORE network. 
As compared to June 30 2012, Starz added 1.1 million subscribers, while ENCORE added 900,000 subscribers. The 
growth in both Starz and ENCORE subscribers was a result of strong packaging at multiple distributors. Cash paid for 
investments in films and television programs decreased 26% to $49.3 million. The decrease was primarily due to 
timing of payments of the Weinstein titles and timing associated with various original productions. 

During the second quarter, the significant projects underway were the first season of Black Sails and the second season 
of Da Vinci's Demons. During the second quarter of 2012 we had in production the third season of Spartacus, the first 
season of Da Vinci's Demons and the second season of Magic City. 

On to our cash and debt, at June 30, we had $257 million drawn under our revolving credit facility with 743 million 
above in capacity remaining. Our leverage stood at approximately 2.2 times our adjusted OIBDA. As mentioned on 
previous calls, we remain comfortable adding 2.2 times leverage ratio since this gives us the flexibility to continue to 
invest in our original programming and also to opportunistically buyback our shares. 

From May 1 to July 31 we bought back 4.1 million shares of our common stock for approximately $92.7 million, at an 
average price of $22.75. Since January 14, 2013, when our stock began trading we have repurchased 4.2% of our 
outstanding shares. 

Now, I'll turn it back to Chris. 

Christopher P. Albrecht 

Thank you, Scott. Just to clarify one thing that Scott said, we remain comfortable with 2.5 leverage ratio, which we 
believe gives us the flexibility to continue to invest in originals and opportunistically buyback our shares. We currently 


stand at 2.2 times. 

Now, I'd just like to repeat. This was a strong quarter for us and we continue to focus on delivering long-term 
shareholder value and I'd like to open the call for questions. Operator? 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Jeff Wlodarczak with Pivotal Research Group. 

<Q - Jeff D. Wlodarczak>: Hey, guys. This is Jeff Wlodarczak. I wanted to start off with a consolidation question. 
John's quite aggressively pushing a need for consolidation among the U.S. cable and satellite distributors. Can you talk 
about how you feel Starz is positioned if we get a consolidating distributor environment? And then I just like some 
more color on the share buyback, I mean, you obviously significantly ramped it and then if the stock stays around these 
levels as – should we expect you just to continue to be aggressive going forward? Thanks. 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: With regard to consolidation, I think the first thing that I would point out is the 
unique relationship that premium channels have with their distributors. Unlike almost every other channel we are 
actually a revenue source for the operators, a direct revenue source directly related to our channels. So they make 
money because we make money, we make money because they make money and we're very comfortable that that 
unique relationship gives us an opportunity to continue to stand out among all of the other channels, since there really 
are only three premium channels. Having said that we're always mindful that there are potential synergistic 
opportunities with other companies and should we ever have anything to discuss around that we will make sure you're 
among the first to know. 

Oh, the buyback, we believe as Scott stated that we can continue to grow our business and opportunistically buyback 
our stock, we still have in place an outstanding authorization and operate under that. 

<Q - Jeff D. Wlodarczak>: Can I ask one follow up? Are there any interesting potentially M&A opportunities out 
there for you right now? 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: I think there is a lot of speculation about that. We are focused on running an 
independent Starz and like I said before understand that there are potential partners out there and if there's ever a time 
when there's anything to report, you'll be among the first to know. 

<Q - Jeff D. Wlodarczak>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Thank you. 

Operator 

We'll take our next question from Vasily Karasyov with Sterne, Agee. 

<Q - Vasily D. Karasyov>: Thank you. My question is on the costs. First I would like to ask – it looks like the film 
output costs have been coming down in the past three quarters and I just wanted to confirm that we started lapping that 
decrease in Q4 this year. And then, my question is also what is the correct run rate for SG&A? The last two quarters we 
saw really a material ramp in the costs, can you give us maybe some color on the puts and takes, what to expect in the 
rest of the year, should it moderate or are we really looking at, at an average quarter of mid-50s millennium costs? 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Scott? 

<A - Scott D. MacDonald>: Well, on the SG&A we did have two original series that premiered in the second quarter, 
so the marketing spend around the series is heavily focused during the quarter that the shows premiered. So second 
quarter will be a, well I'd say a high point for our SG&A. With respect to the output titles, we do expect to receive 


fewer titles this year than we have in the past. So we should expect to continue to see favorable trend in that area? 

<Q - Vasily D. Karasyov>: And then if I may ask a follow-up question. Chris, I think it's for you. So how do you see 
the business, you're in the transformation stage now, but will the margins be materially different from where they were 
for the first half of the year or and I'm talking about the networks segment over last year? Where do you see this 
shaking out in a steady state? 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Well, obviously we don't give guidance on financial matters, but I think that we feel 
good about our margins. We think there is potential for margin improvement and in doing that we obviously focus 
around our revenue and our costs side, which is why as we ramp up our originals, we look at what the output costs are 
and we look at the portfolio model that we've established of licensed, coproduced and fully financed shows. We also 
think that our distribution platform has the ability to continue to grow and provide an opportunity to increase high 
margin revenue. 

<Q - Vasily D. Karasyov>: Chris, do you see any different? This is the last one I promise. Do you see any reason, 
structural reason for the segment margins to be materially different below than what HBO has? 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: I don't know what HBO has, so I really couldn't comment on that. 

<Q - Vasily D. Karasyov>: Okay. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

We'll hear next from John Tinker with Maxim. 

<Q - John P. Tinker>: Thank you. Could you just discuss a little, what authenticated actually means to perhaps 
financially? I think you've said that you'll have 52 million subscribers, does that help your revenue in any way or is this 
just making, improving your products and your reach? 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: There are various ways that we can monetize our authenticated platforms. The 
majority of the way that Starz makes its revenue is to have fully integrated relationships with our core distributors, 
where they are pushing our products, their subscribers buy them, their subscribers use them, their subscribers are 
satisfied with them, their subscribers continue to use them, and between our originals and the products of our channels, 
multiplex on-demand authenticated. There are a lot of ways that we have to enter into cooperative marketing 
agreements with the distributors, which is the number one way that we continue to grow in that universe. At the same 
time these authenticated platforms, I think make us interesting to potential new distribution partners. So, these products 
are important and as we said, we think that they can provide value to Starz in various ways. 

<Q - John P. Tinker>: And just so that, second question if I could. Could you talk just a little more about the deal with 
Fox? And exactly how it works, given I think they still have a deal with HBO, so how much product you have access 
to, and how old is it? I know you mentioned them, sort of Ice Age and things but, how does it actually work? 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Okay. So, the movie output, we run many channels, all the Starz multiplex channels 
and all the ENCORE channels the MOVIEPLEX channels and the theatrical product that appears in those channels is a 
function of our first-run output deals with Sony and Disney, and also vast array of library deals that provide an 
assortment of titles that go back sometimes deep into their library depending on what service we're going to play them 
on. So the differentiation between the HBO deal with Fox, which is an output first-run deal, analogy would be our Sony 
and Disney deal and our deal is that we have a library deal instead of a first-run output deal with Fox. 

<Q - John P. Tinker>: And how much product could you actually access then, is it their entire library or do you – 
have carved out of sub-section? 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: These films are usually in various – have been licensed out in various windows at 
various times, which is why when we go in, we look at taking the titles that are available now. We look at what our 
needs are, we see what their inventory is, and we put together what we think is a compelling slate from their available 


films that play over multiple windows. And some come to us now and some can come to us in later years as some other 
roll off that's why the advantage of a multi-year agreement is that we can access more of their films for a longer period 
of time. 

<Q - John P. Tinker>: Thanks. 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Thank you. 

Operator 

We'll hear next question from Vijay Jayant with International Strategy & Investment Group. 

<Q - Vijay Jayant>: Hi. On your affiliate deals with Time Warner Cable deal that came about, did that have any 
similar trends to your prior deals that seem to have some sort of a step down. And secondly, I think this year you only 
had, excluding Time Warner Cable, probably less than 5% of your sub base going through affiliate deals. Can you give 
us any color what's coming up in 2014, on what percent of the base is coming up? 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Our – as you know, we don't provide specifics on our deals with affiliates. But that 
said, this agreement gives us a level of stability after previously having operated on a month to month basis as I said in 
my prepared remarks. What I can say is that this agreement allows for both parties to grow our businesses together. 
And it is the deal that we are extremely pleased to have concluded and look at it as important for Starz's businesses. 

With regard to upcoming affiliate agreements, we have hundreds of affiliation agreements and they are – they come up 
constantly, and to the extent that they impact our revenue, which all deals do. We report our revenue quarterly, those 
revenue from those deals flow through our results and I think that's the way that we're going to be reporting them. 

<Q - Vijay Jayant>: On the Weinstein distribution deal, is this quarter really the quarter you get that lift because they 
put out movies late in the year to get the Oscar buzz. So, we'll see some volatility on that and is that something you 
could do for other studios in distribution? 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Other studios – studios is a word used loosely around a lot of film production 
companies. But in terms of Anchor Bay being able to distribute in home entertainment and digital first-run theatrical 
output, we have extra capacity. We would look for opportunities that we think would be beneficial to Starz, to use our 
distribution platform to distribute more films. The Weinstein films are a financial and strategic benefit to us and 
certainly if there were other deals like that we would be interested in talking to the involved. 

<Q - Vijay Jayant>: Thank you so much. 

Operator 

Our next question will come from Deutsche Bank and Doug Mitchelson. 

<Q - Douglas Mitchelson>: Thanks, so much. Couple of questions for Chris on the TV original programming have 
been clearly one of the most critical things to get right is the original programming and I was curious about the 
environment, either both costs availability, there's an increasing number of buyers like Netflix and Amazon for the kind 
of shows you're looking at, yet everyone seems to be able to find plenty of shows to put up in the air, what do you see 
when you're out there sourcing original content? 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: My experience has been that the supply of programs rises to the demand. We have a 
robust pipeline of development. We hear a lot of pitches, we feel very good about where we are in our ability to expand 
our originals. We like our – our portfolio approach which is one of the ways that we invest prudently, we're able to 
invest prudently and as you may have been to discern from my remarks, some of the shows coming up in 2014 – or all 
the shows coming up in 2014 are emblematic of that portfolio approach, some our licensed, some are co-produced, 
some our wholly owned. 


We're very flexible and experienced in co-producing and we think that that gives us a great advantage in being able to 
ramp up prudently. I think a lot of other networks are reluctant to do those kinds of things and we're doing it 
successfully on White Queen; we are in the middle of doing it successfully on Fortitude. At the same time, we want to 
make sure that we produce enough programs where we retain full distribution rights and ownership because we look at 
our distribution platform as a way to grow revenue. And as I said before, we think that's high margin revenue and the 
way that we can do that is to make sure that they have products to put through it, along with the products that we can 
distribute like the Weinstein films and any other films that might come up, as was mentioned in the previous question. 

<Q - Douglas Mitchelson>: And then when you get them on the screen and we've talked about this in the past, but just 
to help refresh us, how do you measure success of the original programing? Is it awards, viewership, cost efficiency, 
bulk? Is it, you wait for that breakout hit, the buzz of Spartacus hit? How do you measure success? 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: I think that it's an alchemical equation. A lot of people use the word hit associated 
with shows. I've heard it used recently with regard to some new shows. In my experience, there can be a hit with the 
press that the audience doesn't necessarily watch. There can be a hit with a small demographic that might be important 
to you or that might not really be good prospects for premium television buyers. You can have a hit with the audience 
in the sense that lot of people watch it, but the media doesn't write about it and there isn't "buzz", which usually comes 
from East Coast and West Coast bloggers or print media. So it – for us, what we're really looking for are programs that 
help us distinguish our brand that will appeal to our subscriber base and that offer us opportunities to market our 
services with our distribution partners because at – underneath it all, that's how you really protect and grow your 
business. 

<Q - Douglas Mitchelson>: So should we as investors sort of be looking at ratings as a sort of a dumbed down 
measure of that then? 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: I think that ratings are a tool to use to see what that – what the viewership aspect is. 
But, for instance, if there's a low cost show that provides an enormous amount of buzz from opinion makers or 
important distributors, then you would look and say, well maybe that's a reason to continue with the show. But I think 
we analyze what's the – we look at all these shows as individual businesses and we look at what we need to invest and 
what's the return on that investment. And that's how we determine whether or not we continue with something. 

<Q - Douglas Mitchelson>: Great. Very helpful. Thank you. 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Thank you. 

Operator 

We'll hear next from Amy Yong and Macquarie Capital. 

<Q - Andrew DeGasperi>: Yes, hi. This is Andrew on behalf of Amy. I have a three-part question. First, broadly, can 
you remind us what the balance – the right balance between originals and movie library content is? Secondly, if you 
can maybe quantify as to cost structure of the new Fox and MGM deals, is that improve or does it not? And then 
thirdly, what kind of promotions is Time Warner Cable allowed to run to the market – your premium network? Thanks. 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: The right amount of – the right mix is the one we have. As I said, we don't control the 
output from our distribution partners, I'm sorry, our output partners. So, we look at what they have in their slate coming 
up. Our original programs are obviously in the pipeline. We're looking to expand to this – approximately premiering a 
new original every week throughout the year. So we think that constant drumbeat, that constant buzz of having original 
programs as a staple as well as the films that come from our output partners being various degrees of blockbusters and 
various demographic hits, that offers us an opportunity to craft our schedules and look to maximize them. 

With regard to the Fox library output deal, I can't comment on the specific economics of the deal other than to say that 
those are very economical ways for us to acquire a critical mass of programs that helps us fill out what really is – I 
don't know, how many channels do we have, 17? 17 channels across Starz, ENCORE and multiplex. So we like these 


library deals, we haven't had a library deal with Fox in a while. So this is a really good situation for our product supply. 

The last question with regard to Time Warner and their ability to market our networks, boy, we hope they market our 
networks. I mean we work in partnership with them. One of the real benefits that's come out of closing this deal is, 
honestly, an excellent situation with them right now in terms of going out and giving us opportunities to work with 
them to build our businesses together. 

<Q - Andrew DeGasperi>: Yeah. And just a quick follow-up on that, do you have any free windows that they could 
potentially run to promote the content or...? 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: We do talk to different distributors at different times about early – what do we call 
them – the previews and distributors are interested in that. Obviously, it wouldn't be for an entire season; it's for an 
episode here or there, but to the extent that they're interested and we feel that it advantageous for helping us either 
launch an original or to help market in one of their programs, to market our services, we're going to be willing and 
we're going to listen and try to help them to help us. 

<Q - Andrew DeGasperi>: Great. Thanks. 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Thank you. 

Operator 

We'll take our next question from Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. 

<Q - Benjamin Swinburne>: Thank you. Chris, you talked about the various rights you have across your shows and 
you mentioned full U.S. SVOD rights on a number of them. I'm wondering if you could talk about whether you have a 
sort of a strict philosophy on showing Starz originals on other platforms such as Netflix or Hulu? HBO and Showtime 
seem to be taking a bit of a different approach there. And then along the same lines, how you might think about a sort 
of unbundled streamed Starz channel? Showtime and HBO again, they're sort of, they seem to be kind of leaning in that 
direction, they're certainly not there. But maybe we're going to be there soon. If you would share your thoughts on that, 
I'd love to hear them as well. 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Sure. We – I'm not sure what you think Starz – what you think Showtime and HBO's 
policy is towards selling the SVOD rights to their originals. Our business model requires that our shows travel with our 
networks. We're a premium product. We look to be in a premium tier with any and all distributors, be it new or be it – 
potentially new or our traditional long-term distributors. And that's the policy that we see holding to and sticking to for 
the foreseeable future. I think it's an important aspect and an important brand promise both to the subscribers and to our 
distributors that we don't cannibalize our own service. 

With regard to unbundling, again, can't speak for HBO or Showtime. Don't hear anything about them talking about 
unbundling. What I do think there might be are opportunities with different distributors to be involved in different 
kinds of bundles that may be appealing in ways to potential new customers. But in any scenario, we would need to be 
in the premium tier, in premium pricing that was respectful and fair to the long-term relationships that we have with our 
core traditional distributors. 

<Q - Benjamin Swinburne>: And Chris at the Investor Day, or Liberty's Investor Day, you talked about the brand and 
sort of rebranding Starz a bit. Can you talk a little bit about looking at sort of comedy, sports, documentaries, sort of 
broadening out the product offering from an original perspective, and how you think about getting deeper into those 
areas? You guys have sort of focused on not one genre, but certainly have avoided some other ones. I'm wondering if 
you could talk about that opportunity as well? 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Sure. We see opportunities in comedy, and we'll soon be announcing our first in 
development. And I think we can tred cautiously in that area without opening the floodgates and hearing pitches from 
everyone who can't fill comedy anyplace else. Sports is a business that I do not see us getting into. Those rights are 
enormously expensive. And I think it's extremely difficult for any premium service to make enough of an impact and 


differentiate themselves enough. The investment is great and the return I think is de minimis. 

With regard to documentaries – love them. They are found all over the dial and not sure that I can see one that would fit 
into the Starz line up that I would go wow, that belongs there and that creates added value for our customers. 

<Q - Benjamin Swinburne>: Great. Thanks for the color. 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Thank you. There's time for one more question I think. 

Operator 

Yeah. Our last question will come from Bryan Kraft and Evercore. 

<Q - Bryan D. Kraft>: Hi, thanks. So, the two questions. One, on the distribution revenue increase, is that purely just 
timing of the Weinstein films just hitting home video or is there some underlying step-up in the amount of business that 
you're doing with them? And then secondly, just wondering if you could talk about how broadly STARZ PLAY is 
available? And can you share any subscriber utilization statistics on it? And how do you feel that's going? Thank you. 

<A - Scott D. MacDonald>: This is Scott. On the Weinsteins, yes, it's timing as to when the dials are released, we 
happen to have two very strong performers in Django Unchained and Silver Linings Playbook that happened to come 
out in the second quarter. As I said in my prepared remarks, we're well over half way through the number of titles we're 
expecting to release for the Weinstein's this year. 

<Q - Bryan D. Kraft>: Is Django Unchained and Silver Linings Playbook, I mean, is that the vast majority of the 
year-over-year increase in it? Just trying to figure out how chunky that is. 

<A - Scott D. MacDonald>: Those are the two big titles, yes. 

<Q - Bryan D. Kraft>: Okay. 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: With regard to STARZ PLAY, as I said in my remarks, they're potentially available 
to 52 million multichannel households. We're working with our distributors to help market them to their subscribers. 
We think it's a great product that adds real value to our services. We are just beginning to start to track data, although 
we do focus groups and have anecdotal information that help us improve the product, help us understand how people 
are using it. And again, anecdotally, so far the response has been extremely positive. 

<Q - Bryan D. Kraft>: Okay. Thanks a lot. 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Thank you. 

Operator 

And ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference. We thank you all of your participation. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2013, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


