Q3 2013 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Courtnee Ulrich 
• Christopher P. Albrecht 
• Scott D. MacDonald 
Other Participants 

• Benjamin Swinburne 
• Amy Yong 
• Barton Crockett 
• David C. Joyce 
• Jeff D. Wlodarczak 
• Vasily D. Karasyov 
• Douglas Mitchelson 
• Bryan D. Kraft 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, everyone, and welcome to the STARZ Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being 
recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Courtnee 
Ulrich, VP of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am. 

Courtnee Ulrich 

Thank you. Before we begin, we'd like to remind everyone that this call includes certain forward-looking statements 
within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements about business 
strategies, market potential, future financial prospects, new service and product launches, including original 
programming, new programming distribution platforms and other matters that are not historical facts. 

These forward-looking statements involve many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ 
materially from those expressed or implied by such statements, including, without limitation, market acceptance of new 
products or services, the timely launch of our original programming, the cooperation of our distributors in marketing 
our services, competitive issues, regulatory issues and continued access to capital on terms acceptable to STARZ. 
These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this call, and STARZ expressly disclaims any obligation 
or undertaking to disseminate any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement contained herein to reflect any 
change in STARZ's expectations with regard thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any 
such statement is based. 

On today's call we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures, including adjusted OIBDA. The required 
definitions and reconciliation, Schedule 1, can be found at the end of this presentation. 

And now I'd like to introduce STARZ's CEO, Chris Albrecht. 


Christopher P. Albrecht 

Thanks, Courtnee, and good morning. We appreciate you joining us on the STARZ third quarter earnings call. And 
with me is our CFO, Scott MacDonald. Our business is performing very well, reflecting the success of our original 
programming strategy and underscoring the unique value that we have as a premium service. Our flagship STARZ 
Network grew its subscribers for the eighth consecutive quarter and reached the 22 million subscriber mark. 

The combined STARZ/ENCORE total of 57 million domestic subscribers makes them the leading pair of flagship 
premium pay TV services in the category today. As we have said, our strategy is to create compelling original 
programming that when combined with first-run movies from leading studios will provide a high-margin product for 
our distributors and an entertaining and attractive programming service for consumers. 

We're targeting approximately 50 hours of originals in 2014; that delivers at least one new hour of STARZ Original 
Programming to viewing virtually every week of the year. Over the next few years, we intend to further increase the 
volume of our Originals to approximately 75 hours, while at the same time continuing to offer a strong lineup of 
first-run and library theatrical movies. 

Our Original Programming offerings are growing in popularity among television viewers and we are bullish about our 
ability to meet the goals of our business. We want to make sure that our success is less defined by raw hours of 
programming and more by shows that create a cultural dialogue and differentiate the STARZ brand from other 
television networks and premium pay services. We know that there's a need to deliver content that specific 
demographic groups want. And that will be a key ingredient to our ability to both keep and grow our customer base. 

There is evidence that suggests that STARZ is having success doing just that and we're well-positioned for the future. 
For example, we were very satisfied with the performance of The White Queen, which completed its run last month. 
The initial multiplatform data for the first half of the 10-part miniseries reports that close to five million viewers 
watched each episode on the STARZ Networks, DVR, STARZ PLAY and other platforms. With roughly 60% female 
viewership, The White Queen has become a terrific part of our growing portfolio of Originals. 

Furthermore, the economics of the project were quite favorable, given the relatively low cost to license it and strong 
international sales in the markets we control. We successfully sold The White Queen in approximately 130 territories 
to-date, including Germany, France, Italy, Canada, Australia, Israel and Latin America. 

The premier of Black Sails in January will kick off our 2014 programming slate. We provided an exclusive look of the 
first episode at the recent New York Comic Con and the global MIPCOM international marketplace. It's clear based on 
the reaction at these events that there is wide anticipation for executive producer Michael Bay's first television project. 
STARZ Distribution has already closed TV and digital deals for Black Sails in approximately 115 territories. The 
second season begins shooting in South Africa later this month. 

As we look ahead in 2014, we will offer the second season of Da Vinci's Demons from David S. Goyer, and a new 
series called Power, from Curtis "50 Cent" Jackson. Power is a wholly-owned series that we expect to resonate with 
diverse demographic groups, many of who we believe are underserved in the current television landscape. We expect 
this program to be a terrific addition to our expanded programming slate. 

Next up will be Outlander from Battlestar Galactica executive producer Ronald D. Moore, which is a licensed 
co-production with Sony Pictures Television. The project has been widely embraced by the huge built-in fan base of 
the Diana Gabaldon bestselling novels. 

Finally, the 13-episode drama Fortitude produced in partnership with Sky Atlantic wraps up the 2014 programming 
slate. STARZ retains full pay TV and subscription VOD rights in the U.S., as well as TV, home entertainment and 
digital distribution rights in the U.S. and Canada. 

On the programming development front, we have several projects that we are excited about for a potential future green 
light. Those include Survivor's Remorse from a talented creative team including two-time NBA champion, LeBron 
James, Boston Red Sox Chairman, Tom Werner and Mike O'Malley. The half-hour series went into development this 


summer and is about two friends, one of whom is an NBA star, who make it out of their difficult childhoods to attain 
fame while struggling to deal with their families and friends in the wake of that success. LeBron is an executive 
producer and the project is inspired by some of his experiences. While we continue to expect dramatic series to be the 
dominant genre in our original programming efforts, this comedy project came to us with a compelling story and 
pedigree. 

We're also excited about another high-profile project placed into development last week. WonderWorld is an FBI 
drama with executive producers Owen Wilson and Rene Balcer, who is an Emmy Award winning writer for his work 
on Law & Order. 

With respect to the TV Everywhere landscape, STARZ is focused on expanding access to its authenticated online 
PLAY services. To that end, we anticipate announcing the first STARZ PLAY game console launch in the weeks 
ahead, which will be a new way to bring the STARZ PLAY experience directly to the TV, giving our distributors and 
their customers tremendous added value. 

With that, Scott will now discuss with you our third quarter financial results. 

Scott D. MacDonald 

Thanks, Chris. For the third quarter, STARZ's revenue increased 11% to $446.1 million. Adjusted OIBDA increased 
5% to $113.7 million and operating income increased 1% to $100.8 million. At STARZ Networks, revenue increased 
1% due to a combination of higher effective rates for our networks partially offset by a lower number of consignment 
subscriptions. 

At STARZ Distribution, revenue increased 57% as a result of the international distribution of our STARZ Original, The 
White Queen. The Walking Dead, which we distribute under an agreement with AMC Networks and various titles 
distributed under our Weinstein agreement, also contributed to the increase in revenue. Scary Movie 5 was released 
under the Weinstein agreement during the third quarter, and Django Unchained and Silver Linings Playbook, which 
were released in the second quarter, continue to perform well. 

Adjusted OIBDA increased primarily as a result of the increased STARZ Distribution revenue I just mentioned. This 
increase was partially offset by an increase in cooperative marketing efforts with our STARZ Networks distributors. 
Programming costs at STARZ Networks were essentially flat during the third quarter of 2013 as compared to the prior 
year. STARZ Distribution's production costs increased during the quarter as compared to the prior year due to the 
increase in revenue related to the distribution of Weinstein company titles, the Walking Dead and STARZ Originals. 
Those Weinstein titles included Scary Movie 5, Django Unchained, and Silver Linings Playbook. 

Operating income was also impacted by an increase in stock compensation expense. STARZ added 200,000 subscribers 
during the third quarter to finish at 22 million, while ENCORE remained essentially flat at 35 million. The growth 
during the quarter in STARZ subscribers was a result of strong packaging at multiple distributors. As compared to 
September 30, 2012, STARZ added 1.2 million subscribers while ENCORE added 700,000. The growth in STARZ and 
ENCORE subscribers was a result of strong packaging at multiple distributors. Cash paid for investments in films and 
television programs increased 67% to $110.1 million. The increase was primarily due to timing of payments for certain 
Weinstein titles. 

At September 30, we had $309.5 million drawn under our revolving credit facility with $690.5 million of borrowing 
capacity [ph] related (9:09). Our leverage stood at 2.3 times adjusted OIBDA. From August 1 through October 31 we 
bought back 4 million shares of our common stock for $105.1 million at an average price of $26.51. This January 14, 
2013, when our stock began trading, we have repurchased 7.4% of our outstanding shares. 

With that, I'll turn it back over to Chris. 

Christopher P. Albrecht 


Thanks, Scott. So as you can see, our business is performing well and we are executing well on our growth strategy. 
There is a strong and growing desire for serialized drams and we have long and strong expertise and know-how in this 
area and believe that investment is going to build long-term shareholder value. 

We can now open up the call for your questions. 

Courtnee Ulrich 

Operator, we're ready for questions. 

Christopher P. Albrecht 

Operator? 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll take your first question from Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley. 

<Q - Benjamin Swinburne>: Thank you. I guess good morning out west. Chris, you just talked about over time 
ramping Original hours and that spending being offset by maybe lower spending on films as margins generally go up. 
Is that still your view? And maybe you can spend a little bit of time on the quarter where we saw consignments that I 
think came down, they were up in Q2, down this quarter. Any sort of details around what's going on there with your 
distributors? It seems like you're seeing overall sub growth but it's on the fixed side, not the consignment side. Any 
color there would be helpful. 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: So, obviously, there are different distributors that we have consignment deals with 
and different distributors that we have flat deals with. So what you're seeing is the cumulative effect. We announced 
recently, I think last quarter, that we had completed a new affiliation agreement with Time Warner Cable, and that is a 
consignment deal, and we've been seeing a lot of robust marketing efforts in their systems. And we look at that as a real 
opportunity for STARZ. Other distributors depending on what their focus is at any given time have different results in 
their own quarters that do go to impact our business. 

<Q - Benjamin Swinburne>: Got it. And any commentary on sort of that margin outlook as you think about balancing 
film and Original, given your comments around white sales and the economics there? 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Well, yeah, I mean, I think you stated it well for me. We have a plan to ramp up our 
Originals and we think that our portfolio approach of licensing, co-productions and wholly-owned models along with 
the step-down that we are going to have in our theatrical output costs are going to give us the room to ramp up that 
Original Programming spend and still meet the goals that we have for our business, and that includes the marketing 
spend as well. 

<Q - Benjamin Swinburne>: Got it. And one last one maybe for Scott. Just on the subscriber numbers, and this is 
definitely at the risk of being precise but not accurate. Do you recognize or report your subscriber numbers on a lag? In 
other words, if we see for example Time Warner Cable's results in the quarter, does it show up in your numbers the 
next quarter, or is it literally within the same quarter? 

<A - Scott D. MacDonald>: We make an effort to estimate where we believe the subscribers are going to come out. So 
what you'll see in a quarter is we're making based on what they've reported to us in the past, we record the subscribers 
and then in the following quarter we would true them up to the extent that those estimates weren't spot on. 

<Q - Benjamin Swinburne>: Got it. Thanks so much. 


<A - Scott D. MacDonald>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Amy Yong from Macquarie has your next question. 

<Q - Amy Yong>: Thanks. Can you just talk about the number of hours of Original Programming, and at what point is 
there a diminishing margin of return in terms of ramping up your number of hours? And then also, can you just talk 
about kind of the mix between licensing and owning? 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: So, what our plan is is to – our goal is to have a number of scripted hours that aligns 
closely with what the other brands in the category have. And we think a target number for that is around 75 hours. How 
we get there and when we get there is an ongoing process. We'll look at the results of our business and make those 
decisions along the way. But I think that the portfolio approach is one that is working very well for us and we're going 
to continue to look at the results that we get from wholly-owning shows and what the return is, what the net cost of 
those programs to STARZ really is, and continue to look for opportunities like White Queen and Fortitude, which 
provide great value for us and, in the case of White Queen, gave us worldwide rights outside the UK and Benelux. So, 
it also fed our Distribution network. 

There are interesting opportunities out there. We're skilled in co-producing. It's something I've been interested in and 
been involved in for decades. And we're not afraid to partner with people, both financially and creatively. And I think 
that gives us a real leg up as we look to ramp this up in a cost-effective manner. 

<Q - Amy Yong>: Great, thanks. 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Moving next to Barton Crockett for FBR Capital Markets. 

<Q - Barton Crockett>: Okay. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to ask one kind of near-term question about 
the numbers and then second kind of bigger question. About the numbers, I mean, you have this 57% growth in the 
Distribution revenues that was helped by The White Queen. You mentioned, I think, Black Sails is being sold around 
the world. Is there any reason that we could think that maybe there would be a similar lift in that line in the fourth 
quarter, as those sales kinda fit the P&L? 

<A - Scott D. MacDonald>: I would say the majority of the revenue associated with that particular line has to do with 
the Weinstein titles and The Walking Dead. Also contributing to that is also The White Queen. Black Sails, those are 
sales that are being made, the revenue doesn't get recognized until late – it won't be recognized until the first quarter or 
later next year, when the windows open associated with that production. So like the Black Sails, those are going to be 
future sales. So... 

<Q - Barton Crockett>: Okay. 

<A - Scott D. MacDonald>: ...yeah. 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: I mean, they're sales that we don't get paid until we deliver the program to them. 

<A - Scott D. MacDonald>: Yeah. 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: And we're not going to deliver the program to them before it airs on STARZ. In 
certain cases... 

<Q - Barton Crockett>: Okay. 


<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: ...there may be worldwide premiers, but those deals window along with how the 
programs on STARZ window. 

<Q - Barton Crockett>: Okay. Well, just given there's this volatility in this line, is there any commentary you'd have 
on how you see the comps and the lineup of product and distribution in the fourth quarter of this year versus the year 
ago? 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Well, the Weinsteins have continued to perform very well in the theatrical arena. So 
we expect another strong slate from them, although we don't control that slate. We think that we've made prudent 
investments on the distribution side to retain rights. And as I said before, we think that there's growth in our distribution 
platform and that's part of our ongoing strategy is to supply that platform with valuable rights. As you've said, it's not 
the subscription business, but we think it's one that we have lot of experience in and we're going to continue to try and 
get the best results we can out of it. 

<Q - Barton Crockett>: Okay. And then if I could just step back for a bigger question here. I think it's interesting 
when you look at the comparison between something like STARZ or HBO and Netflix, where what you're offering to 
the consumer is becoming more and more similar, with Netflix getting into originals. But Netflix by virtue of 
something they are doing in their model is in a much faster subscriber growth trajectory, I mean, they're adding six 
million subs domestically this year and they're talking to a household opportunity of $60 million, but they're also 
starting to get bundled into set-top box kind of carriage from some of the cable companies. 

When you look at Netflix, do you see any lessons potentially for STARZ and things you could do that Netflix is doing 
now that could put you on a much faster kind of growth trajectory? Is there any kind of evolution in the model that you 
could take a page from their book that would help your growth profile, do you think? 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: So, I just want to take exception with one thing that you said, I'm not really sure 
when Netflix can expect to be bundled into a set-top box. I think that there's a lot of – I mean even by Reed's own 
admission that could be a long road, if ever. And I think there is a lot of reasons why cable operators would not want to 
do that, including the fact that they have higher-margin products that they can sell on their own platforms that bring a 
much more robust cumulative amount of programming to the consumer in earlier windows. 

So, but I think the answer to what do we see, certainly the recent decision that Comcast made to bundle HBO in a less 
expensive package on top of high speed is something that we've been asking for for a while. We certainly hope other 
distributors will look at that. I think that shows the value of these brands and how historically they've pulled through 
and cemented in a lot of technologies. And we think that there's an opportunity there for STARZ as well. Also, we 
continue to see other companies wanting to get involved in the digital distribution business of programming. And the 
STARZ brands, the authenticated platforms that we have make us perfect partners for them. And as I said, these are 
high-margin products for our distribution partners. These – especially, I think, STARZ is a very high-margin product 
for them. 

So for companies that are looking to put forth effective brands and sell them to their subscribers, to their customers, 
STARZ and the premium services are, I think, excellent choices. And it seems like they agree. So, we certainly look at 
Netflix success. I think they've copied more from what we've done than we could copy from what they've done, but 
anything that gets you closer to the consumer at a more favorable price point is going to benefit our business. And that 
has been historically the biggest obstacle to wider pay TV or better pay TV growth is just the cost of entry. 

<Q - Barton Crockett>: Okay. Good. 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: [indiscernible] (20:50) but before you get there. 

<Q - Barton Crockett>: Okay. That's great. Thank you. 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Thank you. 


Operator 

David Joyce from ISI Group is up next. 

<Q - David C. Joyce>: Thank you. There have been press reports that there's a possibility that The White Queen 
franchise could be extended maybe with or maybe without the BBC. Could you speak to that if you might be able to 
extend that and if you might have some ownership in a project like that? And then tangentially you had mentioned in 
the release how you had – and also in the call, that you had a lot of multiplatform viewing for The White Queen on 
DVR and STARZ PLAY. Could you talk about how viewership trends have been over the past year or so for your 
Originals and the movies on those various platforms? 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Sure. So with regard to The White Queen, there is another series of books, The White 
Princess is one of the titles. It is a project that we are currently developing and we are looking to potentially put that 
into production. We don't know whether the BBC will continue to be our partner in that. And when we have more 
information on the creatives and get a chance to look at what the cost of the show might be and what the opportunities 
are for STARZ, we'll make the decision then. 

The answer to your question about The White Queen, the way that – a premium service for sure, the looks of their 
viewership is way different and for very important reasons than ad-supported channels do. We not only look at the 
number of people, but we look at the demographics because while ad-supported channels may be looking for one 
particular demographic sought after by advertisers, the people that we're seeking are any household that can afford to 
subscribe to the STARZ and ENCORE brands. 

So with regard to the demographics of that viewership, the 60% female skew was something that we targeted and we 
were very pleased to see that we were able to affect the result that we intended. So, as I said, the first half of the series 
is almost 5 million viewers, that's because it takes so long – the reason we can't comment on the second half is it takes 
so long to get all the multiplatform, the DVR numbers, the on-demand numbers, any STARZ PLAY numbers. And as 
that platform rolls out, that will be a more viable place for people to watch our programs. 

What we are seeing is an inordinate over-performing by a small amount of titles. So, relatively speaking, the amount of 
titles, the amount of Originals that we have on STARZ from a programming hour point of view is still very small 
compared to the amount of hours that we have of theatrical movies. But the amount of the percentage of top-rated titles 
in STARZ shows has increased exponentially in favor of our original. So, we're seeing a much greater performance by 
a smaller amount of programming than we've seen in the past and that is a trend that we hope will continue. 

<Q - David C. Joyce>: Great. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

We'll hear next from Jeff Wlodarczak from Pivotal Research Group. 

<Q - Jeff D. Wlodarczak>: Good morning. Couple of big picture questions for Chris. Now that you're starting to ramp 
up your Original content to 75 hours over the next couple years, where you control more on the international rights, is it 
potentially interesting for you to lever your quasi sister company, Liberty Global, and maybe launch international 
channels? Or does it make more sense just to sort of do what you're doing now, continuing to sell that content to other 
partners? 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Well, certainly my quasi brother, Mike Fries, would have an interest in being in 
business with us. We would love to sit down and talk with him. We certainly look at international as an opportunity, 
which is one of the reasons why we want to control the rights to at least some of our programs. The kinds of decisions 
that we can make internationally rely a lot on how many rights we do control. We don't control a critical mass now in 
order to make fully programmed STARZ channels per se or platforms outside the U.S. 


We look at production partnerships and distribution partnerships as the main focus of our international strategy at this 
point. And even as we look at that other potential platform opportunities, we would see them as partnership 
opportunities and we like that model. But Liberty Global obviously just made a decision it seems to get out of the 
content business themselves, so whether they're looking for new content opportunities, I don't know. But I know where 
his office is. 

<Q - Jeff D. Wlodarczak>: Okay. They're not totally out of it yet. And then one more. The stock has been great 
performer this year since the spin. You've repurchased 7% of your shares. Given your outlook, the high free cash nature 
of the business, how do you feel about the stock at $30? Is that still a great use to your cash to be repurchasing the 
shares? 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Well, we have an authorization out there. We're still buying our stock back. We're 
buying it back probably as we speak. And we have, Scott, how much remaining authorization do we have? 

<A - Scott D. MacDonald>: $181 million as of October 31. 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: So, we're obviously going to be opportunistic in how we approach the stock. But I 
assure you, the board is very focused as is management on the best use of cash on long-term return to the shareholders. 
So as of now it seems to be working effectively. And at the price point that we're at, we're in the market for own stock, 
so. 

<Q - Jeff D. Wlodarczak>: Great. Thank you. 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Vasily Karasyov from Sterne, Agee. Your line is open. 

<Q - Vasily D. Karasyov>: Thank you. Good morning. Chris, I have one for you and then one for Scott. Chris, earlier 
today HBO was making very – Jeff Bewkes from Time Warner was making positive comments on how subscriber 
trends are going at HBO. And for us from the outside, I think one of the shortcut conclusions would be that if HBO is 
doing well, therefore, it's taking share from somewhere and STARZ may be on the receiving end of that. So I was 
wondering if you could comment on the validity of this thinking? 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: I actually think that's the wrong thinking, Vasily, because most distributors package 
premium services together, and that is the way that that market has worked for a very long time. So, for us to get back 
into business with Time Warner Cable is not for them to start to sell STARZ in a single pay pack, although we're happy 
if they do that. It's for us to be included in the premium packages that they're already selling, so either a new package or 
an upgrade package. 

So I think, as I've always thought, good news for one premium service is most likely good news for all premium 
services. I didn't hear Jeff's remarks, so I don't know what he said specifically, but I absolutely believe that the more 
that distributors focus on the high-margin benefit of the premium brands, the better it's going to be for them and the 
better it's going to be for us. I don't know – HBO, the better it's going to be for the distributor and the better it's going to 
be for us, us as in all the premium brands, the three of us. 

<Q - Vasily D. Karasyov>: That makes a lot of sense. Thank you. And then, Scott, on the – you guys spoke I think at a 
conference recently and you mentioned that the international sales of The White Queen help you offset the cost. Has 
that benefit already showed up in Q3 or is it because of availability we will see that revenue booked in Q4 and later? 

<A - Scott D. MacDonald>: Some of it showed up here in Q3, some of the international television sales were booked 
in the quarter. You'll also see it over the next couple quarters probably. 


<Q - Vasily D. Karasyov>: All right, then. Thank you. And then looking at the SG&A at the networks, you 
highlighted the increase because of cooperative marketing in the quarter. Would you say that in Q4 you will have a 
similar kind of year-on-year increase or should it be less? 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: So, when we concluded our affiliation agreement with Time Warner Cable, there was 
a terrific opportunity for us to reenter marketplaces that we had been virtually shut out off for years. And we were able 
to enter into cooperative marketing campaigns with Time Warner, which we see as, as I said, as a real revenue 
opportunity for us. 

Our marketing spend is against revenue. One of the recent things that we've been able to do in the change that we've 
made by creating a Chief Revenue Officer position is to more closely align the consumer marketing spend along with 
the affiliate marketing spend. And the decision was made to go back aggressively in those Time Warner markets, which 
I say not only revenue opportunity, but in terms of the notoriety of our brands, Time Warner is the largest distributor in 
two extremely important media markets, New York and Los Angeles. 

We do expect, as I said before, to be able to ramp up our Originals, which includes the marketing on both sides, 
consumer and affiliates, and effectively manage those costs using our portfolio approach and using the step-down that 
we expect in the theatrical output costs. 

<Q - Vasily D. Karasyov>: All right. Thank you very much. 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Thank you. 

Operator 

We'll hear next from Doug Mitchelson from Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - Douglas Mitchelson>: Thanks very much. Notwithstanding some of the comments you just made, I was curious 
if the Time Warner Cable CBS dispute helps STARZ at all in 3Q? I know you just talked about bundling being a bigger 
driver, but I'm just sort of curious about the quarter, if there was any influence. 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: I don't know that we can attribute any. We are, and I think Time Warner is, pleased 
with the movement and the results that they're getting from the increased concentration on the STARZ brands in their 
markets. As Scott said, some of this is estimated at this point because they don't fully report to us the quarter until we're 
out of the quarter. But I think, certainly from a visibility point of view, it was a benefit to STARZ. It's too early to say – 
and I'm not sure that we'll ever have accurate specific information that we can point to that says that that specific event 
impacted STARZ one way or the other. 

<Q - Douglas Mitchelson>: And then on the cooperative marketing efforts, I'm not sure if you're willing to share 
more, but I'm just curious are these sort of – is this a contracted thing or is it something that you did opportunistically in 
this particular case? 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Sometimes they are contractual. And there was a contractual obligation that did effect 
this. That contractual obligations goes away. And with regard to Time Warner, it was opportunistic and we thought 
extremely important for us to get back in these market places aggressively, especially going into 2014, when we have 
what we think is such as strong Original Programming line-up that we want a nice run-up in this market place. And 
they have been active partners and the relationship with them has been terrific and we're very grateful for it. 

<Q - Douglas Mitchelson>: So I think you answered the question, but just to reconfirm, so we shouldn't think of this 
as sort of an inflection point in how the business model works as you go through renewals where all of a sudden 
increased marketing spend on your behalf is sort of the new normal? This was just a one off to say? 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Yeah, look, we don't give guidance on financial or operational metrics, so I can't 
comment on what you can expect to see. What I can say is what I've said before, which is we believe that we can 
manage this ramp-up, both on the programming and the marketing side. We have an effective plan to do that. We 


recently realigned our marketing groups to have a more effective marketing spend. We're not chasing ratings, although 
viewership is an important element in how premium channels look at the success of a program. But it's only one 
element. And buzz by third-party opinion makers, how interested affiliates are in marketing your services tied to one 
specific program are extremely important. So you actually look for opportunities to co-market with your partners. 

The Time Warner situation is unique in that we were out of market with them for years and we had been – it had 
seriously affected the revenue that we were getting from Time Warner. And to have a chance to go back in with a 
strong initial push we thought was a very important investment on behalf of STARZ. 

<Q - Douglas Mitchelson>: Perfect. Thanks so much, Chris. 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your last question will come from Bryan Kraft from Evercore. 

<Q - Bryan D. Kraft>: Hi. Thank you. Hey, Chris, I know that you said you can manage the cost increases, marketing 
and programming. But I just wanted to drill down a little more. When you think about the next couple of years, I think 
if you look out to when Disney rolls off, it seems a fairly obvious conclusion that you can have the same kind of 
margins you have today or even higher. But in the interim as you're kind of ramping up the Originals side, is there 
likely to be any leakage in the margins or can you actually keep them stable to increasing over the next couple of years 
while you're kind of ramping up the Originals in parallel to still paying for the Disney output? Thanks. 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: So, our hope is that we can continue to provide growth results in our business while 
ramping up our Originals and the marketing. The Disney roll off is certainly a significant event, having the Sony films, 
which is a much better fit for us and a large number of films that come to us versus with what the Disney output was 
going to be, is also important. And getting that long-term Sony deal locked down in a deal that worked for both of us 
was important. But we believe that we have the know-how and the opportunities to find programs that are going to fit 
our strategy on the creative and on the financial side. 

<Q - Bryan D. Kraft>: Okay. If I could ask a quick follow-up. And if we think about the average cost per hour of 
Original Programming next year versus this year, and it sounds like it probably comes down quite a bit because the mix 
will shift more towards the licensing. Is that a fair way to think about it? 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Well, I don't know. It's not so much that we're shifting to licensing as much as it's that 
that's an important model that we have available to us. And in the case of things like The White Queen, where it was a 
true co-production and we retained rights outside of just U.S. premium television, the net cost is extraordinarily 
effective for STARZ. 

So, we look at – I mean, one thing we look at is the average cost per hour, but what we're really looking at is the 
average net cost per hour because that's really how we are focusing on whether an investment is worthwhile for us to 
continue with. And we've looked at that and that's been in effect what has driven decisions that we made on 
programming before this. So that's – those are the metrics that we use and we look at them every year and analyze what 
our slate is, as well as what each individual program is. 

<Q - Bryan D. Kraft>: Thank you, Chris. 

Christopher P. Albrecht 

Thank you. And thank you, everyone. I think that concludes the call. We appreciate your continued interest in STARZ. 
Have a nice day. 


Operator 

That does conclude today's teleconference. We thank you all of your participation. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2013, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


