Q4 2013 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Courtnee Ulrich 
• Christopher P. Albrecht 
• Scott D. MacDonald 
Other Participants 

• Vasily D. Karasyov 
• Amy Yong 
• David C. Joyce 
• Megan Durkin 
• Barton E. Crockett 
• Ryan Fiftal 
• Preeti Chadha Doshi 
• Kevin Lee Hon Siong 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Starz fourth third quarter and year-end 2013 conference call. 
Please note today's call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I'd like to turn the 
conference over to Ms. Courtnee Ulrich. Please go ahead, ma'am. 

Courtnee Ulrich 

Good morning. Before we begin, we'd like to remind everyone that this call includes certain forward-looking 
statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements about 
business strategies, market potential, future financial prospects, new service and product launches, including original 
programming, new programming distribution platforms and other matters that are not historical facts. 

These forward-looking statements involve many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ 
materially from those expressed or implied by such statements, including, without limitation, market acceptance of new 
products or services, the timely launch of our original programming, the cooperation of our distributors in marketing 
our services, competitive issues, regulatory issues and continued access to capital on terms acceptable to Starz. These 
forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this call, and Starz expressly disclaims any obligation or 
undertaking to disseminate any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement contained herein to reflect any 
change in Starz's expectations with regard thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any 
such statement is based. 

During today's call we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures, including adjusted OIBDA. The required 
definitions and reconciliation, Schedule 1, can be found at the end of this presentation. 

And now I'd like to introduce Starz CEO, Chris Albrecht. 


Christopher P. Albrecht 

Thank you, Courtnee, and good morning. We appreciate you joining us again on the Starz's fourth quarter and year-end 
2013 earnings call. With me is Starz's CFO, Scott MacDonald. 

The fourth quarter capped off a very strong year for Starz. Our businesses are performing well and we're making 
significant progress towards achieving our long-term goals. There is no doubt that Starz is in a better position now than 
this time last year with compelling pipeline of original programming and an impressive collection of first-run and 
library premium movies. We believe that we have the right plan in place to continue our growth and build momentum 
in 2014. 

The flagship STARZ premium channel hit a new record high in terms of subscribers finishing the year at 22.2 million, 
up 1 million subscribers from yearend 2012. The combined STARZ/ENCORE offerings remain the leading pair of 
flagship premium pay TV services in the U.S. today with 57.1 million subscribers. 

In December 2013, we enhanced the ENCORE thematic multiplex channel offerings to capture a changing and growing 
demographic, including African-American, Latinos, Baby Boomers, and Millennials. To-date, we have five STARZ 
Original series scheduled for 2014 and are finalizing our programming slate for the fourth quarter. We're well on our 
way to achieving the previously discussed plan of taking Originals up to 65 hours to 75 hours annually over the next 
few years. 

Now let's take closer look at our slate of 2014 Originals. Michael Bay's first ever TV series Black Sails has exceeded 
our expectations. The first episode set a STARZ record for the strongest ever Original series debut during its opening 
weekend. And in spite of the competition from special programming like the Olympics, the series has maintained the 
momentum with more than 2.9 million average weekly viewers. This figure represents just the linear + DVR viewing 
for Black Sails on STARZ through the first three episodes. We expect significant incremental viewing to come from 
STARZ on-demand, STARZ PLAY and other multiplatform viewing metrics. 

International sales for the series at STARZ Worldwide Distribution have been very good with the series now sold into 
about 120 countries and territories worldwide. Season 2 is in production in South Africa and is expected to air in early 
2015. 

In March, the second season of David S. Goyer's Da Vinci's Demons will premiere and our wholly-owned series Power 
follows. The series comes from Executive Producer Curtis 50 Cent Jackson and creator, Courtney Kemp Agboh known 
for her work on The Good Wife. It's been selected by the MIPTV conference organizers for the prestigious World 
Premiere TV Screening headline spot in April, which is a reflection of what our brand is beginning to represent 
globally. 

Anticipation continues to build for our next series Outlander from Battlestar Galactica Executive Producer Ronald D. 
Moore, based off of Diana Gabaldon's bestselling novel. Fans of the book have created international online 
communities around the upcoming series spurring a collective conversation and conversion of new fans. 

Earlier this month, STARZ greenlit a six-episode first season of a half-hour comedy series Survivor's Remorse. This 
unique project from the all-star team of LeBron James, Tom Werner , Mike O'Malley, Maverick Carter and Paul 
Wachter fits our brand and is consistent with our strategy of finding underserved audiences and delivering original 
programming that meets their interests. We own the full global rights to the series, which provides additional 
opportunities to drive international sales and distribution. 

The momentum we're achieving with original programming is benefiting both our STARZ premium network business 
in addition to other monetization opportunities. Case in point, last month, STARZ Worldwide Distribution entered into 
another new multi-year output arrangement anchored by a commitment for past, present and future STARZ Original 
series. The new 15-country agreement with Amedia covers Russia, Georgia and other territories in Eastern Europe and 
the Balkans. 


On to TV Everywhere, late in 2013 our STARZ PLAY service successfully launched on its first game console on Xbox 
bringing our service to TV with a powerful consumer-friendly user interface. Xbox 360 users are able to enjoy the 
online experience of our content today, and Xbox One is on schedule to launch later this year. 

Both gaming console platforms will have the companion ENCORE PLAY and MOVIEPLEX PLAY services as well. 
We're continuing to make investments in these authenticated services and see them as an important business extension 
that will attract a younger demographic that is particularly attuned to watching content through these devices. 

And with that, I'll turn the call over to Scott. 

Scott D. MacDonald 

Thanks, Chris. For the year, STARZ's revenue increased 9% to $1.78 billion, adjusted OIBDA increased 7% to $476.9 
million and operating income increased 5% to $425.2 million. 

A few key items to consider regarding our results for the year is as follows: As you may recall from our second quarter 
call, certain contractual terms under affiliation agreements with two distributors resulted in the one-time recognition of 
$18.6 million of previously deferred revenue. Weinstein releases Django Unchained, Silver Linings Playbook, along 
with STARZ Original series Spartacus, The White Queen, and Da Vinci's Demons helped drive the increased revenue 
at our Starz's Distribution segment. 

Programming expense declined by 4% as compared to 2012, as a result of fewer first run output titles available for 
exhibition in 2013, which more than offset the increase in exhibitions of our Original series. 

For the quarter, consolidated revenue decreased 2% to $414.7 million, adjusted OIBDA increased 16% to $117.2 
million and operating income increased 21% to $103.4 million. 

At Starz Networks revenue increased 2% for the quarter, primarily due to higher effective rates for our networks. 
Adjusted OIBDA decreased 2% due to higher advertising expense in December 2013 associated with the January 
premier of Black Sails and increasing cooperative marketing efforts with our distributors, setting the stage for future 
revenue growth and cost associated with becoming an independent public company also contributed to the decrease. 

I'd also like to point out that Programming expense declined by 1% for the quarter. This decrease is primarily due to 
fewer first-run output titles available for exhibition partially offset by additional airings of our Original series. At Starz 
Distribution, revenue decreased 14% for the quarter. In Q4 2012, new releases included the Weinstein company film 
Lawless and Season 1 of the STARZ Original series Magic City. There were no significant new releases in Q4 2013. 

Adjusted OIBDA increased 98%, primarily as a result of fewer impairments of our investment in films and television 
programs. At Starz Animation, the decline in revenue and adjusted OIBDA for the quarter was a result of fewer 
projects in production at Film Roman studio. Consolidated operating income increased 21% for the quarter as a result 
of the increase in adjusted OIBDA, I just mentioned, a decrease in stock compensation expense, and lower depreciation 
and amortization. 

Cash paid for investments in film and television programs increased 13% to $93 million in the fourth quarter. The 
increase is primarily due to payments for certain Weinstein titles, partially offset by the timing of productions related to 
our Original series. 

At December 31, we had $306.5 million drawn under our revolving credit facility with $693.5 million of borrowing 
capacity remaining. Our leverage stood at approximately 2 times adjusted OIBDA. 

From November 1 to January 31, we bought back 3.7 million shares of our Class-A common stock for approximately 
$106.4 million at an average price of $28.65. Since January 14, 2013, when our stock began trading, we have 
repurchased 12.8 million shares, or 10.5% of our outstanding shares. Yesterday, our board authorized an increase to our 
share repurchase program of an additional $400 million. 


Now, I'll turn it back to Chris. 

Christopher P. Albrecht 

Thanks, Scott. With 2013 behind us and 2014 well underway, we're confident that we have a strong business plan in 
place and an underlying solid financial profile to grow our business and maximize potential shareholder value. 
Investments to create compelling original programming have fortified our business, given us new revenue 
opportunities, and changed the nature of the dialogue with consumers and core distributors for all of our premium 
services, STARZ, ENCORE and MOVIEPLEX. 

We can now open the call for your questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Vasily Karasyov with Sterne, Agee. 

<Q - Vasily D. Karasyov>: Hi. Good morning. I have a couple for Scott. Can you tell us please how many – what 
portion of The White Queen licensing revenue has been recognized already? 

<A - Scott D. MacDonald>: We don't give guidance on that. I will tell you it has to do with the international television 
distribution and we'll continue to see revenue from The White Queen here over the next few years. 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Yeah. And I think it's just safe to say that White Queen is a good story for us. The 
relationship between us and BBC is one that's working well from both from a creative and a financial point of view. 

<Q - Vasily D. Karasyov>: Right. Chris, and then about Time Warner Cable, are there any early indications on the 
subscriber trajectory that you could share with us, with Black Sails on the air and you being in the call center? 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Yeah. I mean, well, I can't give you any specific information, I think the renewed 
focus that Time Warner has had on STARZ since the completion of our agreement is showing very encouraging results. 

<Q - Vasily D. Karasyov>: Okay. All right. Well, thank you very much. 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Thank you, Vasily. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question will come from Amy Yong from Macquarie. 

<Q - Amy Yong>: Thanks. A couple of questions, can you actually talk about the incremental marketing or 
investments that are needed as you grow for the African-American community and the Millennials? And then also just 
can you layout the marketing costs that was associated this quarter that you highlighted and should become an 
independent publicly-traded company? 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Okay. I didn't hear all of that. I'll start with what I think is the second part of the 
question. The marketing costs that were associated are up over last year. An increase – okay, so last year in the fourth 
quarter we're marketing the fourth season of Spartacus for first quarter 2013. And traditionally you're going to invest 
less money in re-launching as a third – second, third, fourth, fifth season of a series than you are a new series, which is 
what we had to market in fourth quarter this year, which is Black Sails. So we don't really look at our marketing 
expense quarter-over-quarter. We really look at our marketing expense across the year. And one of the benefits of 
increasing our original programming to a full year platform is that we're going to be able to really maximize the value 
of our marketing spend and it will vary from show-to-show depending on whether a show is, as I said returning or 


premiering its first season. Did you ask a question about African-American, is that what you asked? 

<Q - Amy Yong>: Yeah. I just wanted to know what the incremental costs are as you go after that constituent. 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Yeah. There are no incremental – I mean, there are no incremental costs because 
again, we budget what we think is the appropriate amount of marketing expense for each project and we go in and 
spend that in the markets that we think are going to get us the best result. In addition, as I mentioned, we re-launched 
ENCORE in fourth quarter of 2013 and although it's very, very early days and the data is very slim, we're certainly 
seeing encouraging signs from the number of users and from the demographic breakdown of those users and that's a – 
we hope will be a positive trend. 

<Q - Amy Yong>: And if I could just squeeze in one last question. Can you just talk about going direct-to-consumer 
via all these different consoles versus keeping the ecosystem with your MVPD relationship? 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: I'm sorry, it's a little bit garble. Did you say could we talk about going direct to 
consumers? 

<Q - Amy Yong>: Yes. 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Okay. 

<Q - Amy Yong>: Yes, through various consoles? 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Oh, for various consoles? No, that's not part of our strategy. We believe that we have 
technologically-advanced products that are going to offer us opportunities to deliver our products in new ways and in 
enhanced way through our current distributors and put us in a perfect position to top two new companies who want to 
enter the digital distribution of video or whatever it's called now. 

<Q - Amy Yong>: Great. Thank you. 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. And our next question will come from David Joyce with ISI Group. 

<Q - David C. Joyce>: Thank you. Could you please update us on the timing of The Weinstein releases that you'll 
have this year [ph] Fil-Mina (15:55), August: Osage County that sort of thing, just to see how we should think about 
comping versus last year's distribution success? 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: In the – one thing to think about here is, when you think of the upcoming first quarter 
The Butler has just released. So we expect good things from The Butler. Last year's first quarter was pretty light. With 
respect to the rest of the year, I don't really want to – it really depends on the proper home video release date, based on, 
when the movies come out of the theatre. So we're not necessarily anticipating another Django and Silver Linings 
Playbook, but we are optimistic about the titles that you mentioned. 

<Q - David C. Joyce>: All right. And second question, if I may. Could you please update us on how things have been 
trending in between – obviously, we have the numbers in between fixed and consignment subscribers and even 
blended, how would you see that trending in the future within the upcoming distributor arrangements? 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: It's definitely hard to give you any firm answer on that, because what we're seeing is, 
different sectors, different distributors are focusing their efforts on different segments of their business, with varying 
results. So we look at these distribution agreements come up to find the best agreement to preserve our revenue 
position, while taking into account the realities of their business. And, we certainly see, certain distributors being able 
to take advantage of the deals that they have with us and push our products and with the other distributors that are 
having more challenging situations in their own business and like I said, we take that into account. So, because we have 


these different models, which are basically consignment and fixed although we call some of them hybrid, because there 
are different factors to them. We think we are able to react to what their needs are while still preserving the best 
situation for us. 

<Q - David C. Joyce>: Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Next we'll hear from Doug Mitchelson with Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - Megan Durkin>: Hi. This is Megan Durkin standing in for Doug. So I just wanted to know are you backing off 
of your 50 hours of programming that you noted at the Analyst Day for 2014. With the slate you've announced I think I 
have about 37 hours for the year and I know Chris mentioned the 4Q slate is still in development. But it still sounds like 
it's going to be less than the 50. Can you comment on that? 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: I can comment on it by saying I would be really surprised if it was less than 50. 

<Q - Megan Durkin>: Okay. And then we noticed that the past few deals you've made, Flesh and Bone, Survivor's 
Remorse and Power were all for the full suite of rights. And does this mark a change in your portfolio approach? Or is 
it just a reflection of the opportunity you see for these particular shows? 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Yeah. I think it's an opportunistic situation for us. We certainly like to control the 
rights if their – rights that we think are valuable and that we can monetize in other ways. But at the same time, as we 
look to manage our programming spend effectively, and prudently, we also don't need to retain those rights. In the 
situation that you mentioned, particularly because they are both contemporary shows that take place that are going to be 
shot in New York. We thought that it was a great extension and expansion of the portfolio of rights that we already 
hold. And as you can see, with Power premiering in the first slot in MIP, there's already a lot of interest in that show. 
So we think it was a good idea to retain those rights. 

<Q - Megan Durkin>: Okay. And just one quick one. Was this Section 199 tax benefit one-time or does that carry 
forward? 

<A - Scott D. MacDonald>: It depends on the amount of domestic production that you have. So given what Chris had 
just talk about the productions that we are doing in the United States, we are expecting it to apply here on an ongoing 
basis. 

<Q - Megan Durkin>: Okay. Thanks, a lot. 

<A - Scott D. MacDonald>: If you look at our effective tax rate, I think it's around just 30%, 35% and change. I think 
that's probably what you're going to see going forward. 

<Q - Megan Durkin>: Okay, great. Thanks. 

<A - Scott D. MacDonald>: 5.8% I think it was. 

Operator 

Thank you. And our next question will come from Barton Crockett with FBR Capital Markets. 

<Q - Barton E. Crockett>: Okay. Thanks for taking the question. You recently renewed Time Warner Cable and then 
Comcast is stepping up to buy them. If that merger goes through, does your deal with Time Warner Cable then convert 
to the Comcast deal that you would have already had I think? And if so, would that be helpful or a headwind in terms 
of your revenue opportunity? 


<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Well, look, I mean, aside from the fact that I think it's very early days in the – and 
what's happening with that deal, we can't really predict what's going to happen there because there are a lot of different 
scenarios that can happen. What we do know is that we're way more penetrated in Comcast systems than we are in the 
Time Warner system. So de-penetration is a good thing for a premium service. We have terrific relationships with 
Comcast and we think that both – that whatever the final configuration is, there is a real opportunity for those 
companies with the Starz products. And we're sitting here waiting to see what's going to happen, which I think at best 
guess is probably 12 months away, right, at least. 

<Q - Barton E. Crockett>: Okay. If I could switch gears a little bit, you guys in the networks business which is pretty 
core to what you're doing, OIBDA was pretty close to flat, clearly it's a lot of things in transition, hours of production, 
new deals. And is there anything as you look out to 2014 that you think could meaningfully change that OIBDA 
trajectory up or down, or does it feel more kind of like a steady as she goes environment? 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Well, I think the fact that Q4 is up from Q3, the fact that Q4 is up year-over-year, 
albeit modest, is a good sign for us, especially considering that we are – and I was talking about revenue there. But 
again, that's – I mean, we're really concentrating on growing our top line as a function of growing our OIBDA. So I 
think that since we're in very early days of our increased investment in our original strategy, I think we're taking good 
brands and a good business and creating the potential to have great brands and a better business. And it also offers us 
the opportunity to monetize our distribution platform more effectively, which is one of the things that we've talked 
about on calls before and certainly on our Investor Day. So the strategy that we have in place we think strengthens the 
core business, gives us new opportunities for conversation to deliver our product and more subscribers through our core 
distributors, through new distributors, and to create monetization opportunities for ourselves in ancillary markets. 

<Q - Barton E. Crockett>: Okay. Great. I'll leave it there. Thank you. 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Thanks, Barton. 

Operator 

Thank you. And our next question will come from Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. 

<Q - Ryan Fiftal>: Hi. It's Ryan Fiftal on for Ben. Just a follow-up on the top line at the networks – revs at the 
networks came in a little higher than we expected this quarter. And I noticed in the K there was a small change in the 
language around the escalators on your affiliate fees that you get from MSOs. And the K had an example of a 4% rate, 
which was higher than I expected. I think we're thinking these were closer to inflationary or low singles. So, maybe any 
comments on explaining that? Or if we really should be thinking about some of these escalators closer to the mid 
single-digit range? 

<A - Scott D. MacDonald>: Well, each of the deals are different. We generally see the escalators somewhat in the 
range that you're describing, some lower, some higher. 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Yeah, I mean I think a point to make there, I probably should have made before 
around the question of fixed versus consignment is it's important to remember that these fixed deals have rate increases 
in them. As Scott just mentioned, they're not all the same. They vary deal-to-deal, but they are not insignificant. 

<Q - Ryan Fiftal>: Right. Okay. And I guess, going back to the couple of contracts that [ph] zipped (25:54) down. If I 
remember correctly, you guys had quantified that as like a 2 or 3 point, roughly, headwind. If you did a plus-2, that's 
also – should we think about it right now that you guys are run rating a plus-4 underlying in that range? 

<A - Scott D. MacDonald>: Well, I think the way I've looked at it is we've more than offset those reductions as you 
get here into the fourth quarter. So, does that... 

<Q - Ryan Fiftal>: Okay. 


<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Yeah. I think – again, we're not giving guidance going forward, but we think that the 
results that we... 

<A - Scott D. MacDonald>: The overall performance across all of our distributors has more than offset any of those 
items that we called out, I believe it was last fourth quarter. 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Yeah. And I think my statement in my prepared remarks was clearly Starz is in a 
better position today than it was a year ago. 

<Q - Ryan Fiftal>: Okay. Thanks. And then maybe in another direction, on the distribution business, can you help us 
on how we can think about the opportunity there over, say, the next five years? I mean, I think the more straightforward 
calc is we just think about the ramp in your original programming, your ownership, and some of the ancillary revenues 
that you can generate, and I think a lot of that would flow through distribution. But, I mean, beyond the direct 
ancillaries, how should we think about other opportunities there? Does building scale there with your own Originals 
help you attract more distribution or more mass to that business? 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Yes. I mean I think we look at distribution as a way to monetize the content that we're 
putting on our channels, inside the U.S., but it also is a great way to extend our brand outside the U.S. And although I'm 
not predicting similar results for STARZ when I look at the HBO results that were talked about a couple of weeks ago, 
and you see the emphasis and the performance that they've had international, and I happen to personally know a lot 
about the history of that business, that's a function of distribution. That's not a function of channel, that's a function of 
taking the content that they made, selling it to end users overseas, which then created opportunities for partnerships, 
which then created opportunities to license their brand names, which then created opportunities to build branded 
platforms that they have ownership of. And we think that's a great strategy, and we see that that is something that we 
would look at as we go forward and the first steps of that are to increase the investment in the content that are going to 
make those other things possible. 

<Q - Ryan Fiftal>: Great. That's helpful. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Next we'll hear from Bryan Kraft with Evercore. 

<Q - Preeti Chadha Doshi>: Hi. It's Preeti Doshi on the line for Bryan. I just have one question on programming 
hours, specifically on the recent press release stating that Survivor's Remorse has been fast-tracked. So, I believe it's six 
episodes half an hour each, about three hours, but just looking at the rest of the slate for 2014, the Black Sails, Power, 
Da Vinci's Demons, Outlander and Fortitude, it seems like there are already at 50 hours there. So, what I'm trying to 
understand is, is Survivor's Remorse an incremental three hours, or is something else being bumped? 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: No. So, look, I don't have the math in front of me, and I think we had a good plan in 
place for Q1, Q2 and Q3. We opted out of a partnership with BSkyB on a show called Fortitude mostly because we 
couldn't really be sure that it would be available for when we needed it. Survivor's Remorse was a great opportunity for 
us to then greenlight, fast-track, put it in that slot. But we still have a goal of launching a new Original virtually every 
week and I would say that to us, the final number of hours, whether it's 48 hours or 54 hours, 50 hours is a target, the 
real goal for us was to have a yearlong platform to interact with our distributors to be able to create a marketing 
opportunity for ourselves on our own channels and to just have a constant presence for the viewer in their homes of 
new high-quality Originals. So, we will be coming up with more announcements of what will happen in Q4. We just 
can't jump the gun and tell you something before it's finalized. But our programming plans for 2014 are still 
progressing and there will be more things for us to talk about. 

<Q - Preeti Chadha Doshi>: Okay. So, is Fortitude still on the table? Or is that completely out? 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: No, Fortitude is not on the table. We are not involved with Fortitude any longer. 

<Q - Preeti Chadha Doshi>: Okay, great. Thank you. 


<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. And our final question of the day will come from Ben Mogil with Stifel. 

<Q - Kevin Lee Hon Siong>: Good morning. Thank you for taking the call. This is actually Kevin Lee for Ben. Just a 
quick question for you. On SG&A, are you able to provide us directional outlook for 2014? Should we expect it to be 
up year-over-year given that the increased marketing associated with the ramp-up in Original hours likely offset by 
lower SG&A at Starz Distribution? Thank you. 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: So we don't give guidance on anything including SG&A, but I just want to say 
marketing costs are – yes, we will have more original programming. But the marketing costs are up slightly in our plan 
in part because, as I've stated now a couple of times, this strategy of having a constant presence is really going to allow 
us to get greater value out of that marketing investment. So we do not expect to see or plan on any big increases in 
marketing as we go forward. We just plan to be more effective across the entire year. 

<Q - Kevin Lee Hon Siong>: Thank you very much. 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Thank you very much. 

Christopher P. Albrecht 

And thank you. Thanks all for your interest in Starz. 

Operator 

Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. We thank you all for your 
participation. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2014, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


