Q1 2013 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Courtnee Chun Ulrich 
• Chris Albrecht 
• Scott D. MacDonald 
• Gregory B. Maffei 
Other Participants 

• Anthony DiClemente 
• John P. Tinker 
• Jeff Shelton 
• Barton Crockett 
• Megan Durkin 
• Ben Mogil 
• Andrew DeGasperi 
• David C. Joyce 
• Peter Lee 
• Tony Wible 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Starz first quarter earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded. 
And I'd now like to turn the call over to Courtnee Ulrich, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 

Courtnee Chun Ulrich 

Good morning. Before we begin, we'd like to remind everyone that this call includes certain forward-looking 
statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements about 
financial guidance, business strategies, market potential, future financial performance, new service and product 
launches, and other matters that are not historical facts. 

These forward-looking statements involve many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ 
materially from those expressed or implied by such statements including, without limitation, possible changes in 
market acceptance of new products or services, competitive issues, regulatory issues, and continued access to capital on 
terms acceptable to Starz. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this call, and Starz expressly 
disclaims any obligation or undertaking to disseminate any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement 
contained herein to reflect any change in Starz's expectations with regard thereto or any change in events, conditions, or 
circumstances on which any such statement is based. 

On today's call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures including adjusted OIBDA. The required 
definitions and reconciliation, Schedules 1 can be found at the end of this presentation. 

And now I'd like to introduce Starz's CEO, Chris Albrecht. 


Chris Albrecht 

Thank you, Courtnee. Good morning, everyone, and thank you joining us today. Speaking on the call with me is Scott 
MacDonald, our CFO. 

And now on to the highlights. Starz and ENCORE again had a solid quarter with Starz growing 400,000 subscribers to 

21.6 million and ENCORE growing 300,000 subscribers to 35.1 million. Since March 2012, Starz and ENCORE have 
each increased by 1.5 million subscribers. 
In the two short months since last speaking with you, we have continued to make progress executing our original 
programming strategy. Our original series, Da Vinci's Demons premiered to record viewership for debuting STARZ 
Original series. Coupled with the conclusion of Spartacus, which aired on the same night, Starz had its biggest weekend 
viewing of new original series programming in the company's history. Given the very positive reactions at the premiere 
from subscribers, distributors and critics, we announced a second season renewal. 

Following Da Vinci's Demons run, we will premiere in June the second season of our wholly-owned STARZ Original 
series Magic City. Academy Award nominee, James Caan, joins the talented Magic City cast in what should be another 
strong season for the show. 

Rounding out 2013 will be the August premiere of The White Queen, a limited series starring Max Irons based on the 
international bestselling novels by Philippa Gregory. The series received positive reaction from international TV buyers 
at the annual MIP sales conference last month. 

The Starz Distribution businesses benefits directly since we will be distributing The White Queen in most global 
markets. Audiences worldwide were also very excited to see the first footage of Michael Bay's first scripted project for 
television, the pirate adventure Black Sails, debuting on Starz in 2014 and wholly owned by Starz, we are nearly 
finished shooting the first season in South Africa. 

Another addition to the 2014 schedule is the new series Fortitude, which we recently green-lit. The 13-episode first 
season will be produced in partnership with Sky Atlantic. Starz retains full pay TV and subscription BOD rights in the 

U.S. and enjoys full distribution rights including home video and digital in the U.S. and Canada. This is our first such 
partnership with Sky, continuing our portfolio approach to prudently funding our original programming slate. 
We intend to continue to ramp up our original programming development over the next several years so that we are in a 
position to offer not only quality shows, but also a sufficient quantity to replace the Disney content as those films begin 
to roll off our networks in 2017. 

To that end, our development pipeline remains extremely robust and we were pleased to have put two exciting new 
projects into development. First is Airborne, an exciting Vietnam War project from Gideon Yago and Spartacus 
executive producer Rob Tapert and announced yesterday Fleet Street, executive produced by Piers Morgan. Fleet Street 
is set in 1970s England and follows the rise of tabloid journalism, the sexual revolution and class warfare, all seen 
through the eyes of an American journalist. 

Shifting over to developments around our STARZ PLAY multiplatform offering, we expanded the universe of 
supported devices and platforms for the online play services. Earlier this week, we added support for several new 
devices including Barnes & Noble's NOOK HD and our first Android powered devices including the Google Nexus. 
STARZ PLAY, ENCORE PLAY and MOVIEPLEX PLAY are now available for free download in the associated app 
marketplaces in addition to Apple's iTunes. 

At Starz Distribution, our home video and digital media businesses had several strong releases in April, including the 
Weinstein Company's Django Unchained and Silver Linings Playbook. With robust big box retailer support and a 
strong pre-sell campaign, Django Unchained climbed to number one on the domestic home video sales and rental chart 
as did Silver Linings Playbook. 


In addition, a newly signed output deal with AMC provides our home video businesses with exclusive distribution 
rights to future original series on AMC, Sundance and IFC networks. The first two releases under this deal will be 
Sundance Channel's Rectify and Low Winter Sun, which joined our incredibly successful distribution of AMC's The 
Walking Dead. 

Now I'll turn it over to Starz CFO Scott Macdonald, to talk about our first quarter financial results. 

Scott D. MacDonald 

Thanks, Chris. Starz revenue decreased 1% to $399 million. Adjusted OIBDA decreased 8% to $117 million and 
operating income decreased 13% to $105 million for the first quarter of 2013. Adjusted OIBDA and operating income 
were impacted by increases in advertising and marketing costs at our networks and distribution segments, litigation 
related legal costs and costs associated with becoming a public company. 

Cash provided by operating activities was $67 million as compared to a use of cash of $24 million in 2012. At March 
31, 2013, we have $235 million drawn under our revolving credit facility where $765 million of borrowing capacity 
remain and we are levered at approximately 2.3 times adjusted OIBDA. This is below the 2.5 times level we indicated 
on our last call that we are comfortable with and gives us flexibility to continue to invest in original programming and 
buy back additional shares of our stock. 

From February 1 through the end of April, we bought back approximately $20.2 million of stock at an average price of 
$21.51. This leaves us with $378 million remaining under our $400 million stock buyback authorization. 

Now, I'll turn it back to Chris. 

Chris Albrecht 

Thanks, Scott. As you can see, we continue to make very good progress on originals programming strategy. We're 
confident that this approach will improve our business over time and deliver strong shareholder value. 

And now, I'd like to open the call for questions. Operator? 

Q&A 

Operator 

Yes, thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we will take the first question today from Anthony DiClemente with 
Barclays. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Anthony DiClemente>: Thanks a lot. Just looking forward, I was wondering do you expect to benefit from lower 
cost owing to fewer releases perhaps in a lower domestic box office performance for your output studio deals. That's 
one question. And the other question there is, even if the answer is yes, my question would be are you getting rate relief 
on those deals as well. So, i.e., the percentage of the DBO take is going down potentially in addition to your output cost 
going down? Hope that question is clear. Thanks. 

<A - Chris Albrecht>: Yes. With regard to output, I believe we are getting fewer films in 2013 than we got in 2012. 
With regard to the pricing of those films, as we announced, when we were able to extend our Sony deal, we were able 
to extend it at current pricing levels, which as we have previously discussed included a step-down in cost which began 
in late 2013 and would continue for several years. 

<Q - Anthony DiClemente>: I'm just wondering just at a higher level, why would the studios have agreed to a lower 
rate on their film output for – on the renewal. Do you guys have a reason for that? 


<A - Chris Albrecht>: The pricing of movies has fluctuated over the last years and depending on the cycle of the 
deals, I think you've seen different – the leverage move from side-to-side of the table. 

<Q - Anthony DiClemente>: Okay. Thanks a lot. And then, one last one from me is, any color that you could give us 
on the cadence of your affiliate renewals from here as we look into the rest of 2013 and into 2014, that would also be 
helpful. Thanks. 

<A - Chris Albrecht>: Okay. Well, as we've previously discussed, we had renegotiated two deals last year – last 
quarter on less than favorable terms of our renewal, which – this is the first quarter that is actually running all the way 
through. We also closed several other deals at terms that were comparable to previous agreements. This year, we have 
significantly less percentage of our revenue up for renewal. 

<Q - Anthony DiClemente>: Got it. Okay, thanks a lot. 

Operator 

And we'll take the next question from John Tinker with Maxim. Please go ahead. 

<Q - John P. Tinker>: Hi. The – you mentioned that you're now on – you now have apps and you're on a number of 
different platforms. Some companies have been experimenting. They're putting their shows out on SVOD before 
actually putting them on the app. Do you have any views on that or do you see – Is there a different kind of viewer that 
watches on the app than on the cable side? 

<A - Chris Albrecht>: We believe that one of the characteristics and important attributes of premium television is the 
fact that the channel travels together. So we're still very bullish on the week-to-week airing of our series, which we 
believe builds good water cooler chat as oppose – People keep talking about binge viewing on SVOD and pick – 
premium televisions are doing that on demand in 1998. So we think it's a great attribute and one that we're extremely 
familiar with. 

We don't have any plans to separate the SVOD rights from our network and we think that that's the best decision for us 
going forward in terms of maintaining our premium status with our current affiliates and any new people that want to 
enter the marketplace. With regard to viewing, it's a little early for us. When we look at some of the information that 
comes from HBO and their authenticated app, it doesn't – it's certainly a value-enhancing product for the distributor. 
Remains to be seen whether it's a value-enhancing strategy for the consumer and I think it's too early to tell who the 
viewers are and what the ultimate impact of that's going to be on demographics. 

<Q - John P. Tinker>: Thanks. If I could just ask one more. I noticed you continued to buy back a little more stock. 
Given that you're relatively leveraged and you're obviously ramping programming, how much stock might you think 
about buying back? What's the sort of thought process behind that? 

<A - Chris Albrecht>: Well it's got – actually we still currently have $378 million in an approved, in an authorized 
repurchase program. Obviously, it's something that we look at all the time. Our focus is to grow our business, to ramp 
up our originals, to expand our TVE platform and enhance our value to our core distributors, to maintain our current 
leverage and to look at all other value-enhancing strategies, which definitely include stock buyback. 

<Q - John P. Tinker>: Thanks. 

Operator 

And next is Jeff Wlodarczak with Pivotal. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Jeff Shelton>: Hi, thanks. This is Jeff Shelton for Jeff Wlodarczak. A quick question for you. How should we 
think about EBITDA growth for the balance of the year and into 2014? What drivers do you have in place to make up 
for the lack of the Netflix deal and the 4Q distributor price step-downs? Thanks. 


<A - Chris Albrecht>: Well as I said, the 4Q distributor step-downs last year have increases in Q4 this year. As I also 
said, we have a lot less, a significantly smaller amount of our revenue in renegotiation this year. We've disclosed 
previously that we've been month-to-month with one major consignment distributor and we continue to look to 
improve our status with them. So we feel good about the road ahead of us. 

<Q - Jeff Shelton>: Do you believe that EBITDA would be positive this year, growth versus last year? 

<A - Chris Albrecht>: I can't really comment on that. 

<Q - Jeff Shelton>: Okay, very good. Thank you. 

Operator 

We'll now go to Barton Crockett with Lazard Capital Markets. 

<Q - Barton Crockett>: Okay. Thank you for taking the question. I just wanted to drill down a little bit more on the 
revenue view and there's obviously puts and takes here with the Netflix comp renegotiation, the inflationary stuff 
settling in. Chris, looking over the longer term, would it be your expectation that your overall revenues and your core 
channels business, that those would be growing revenues at some type of low single-digit to mid single-digit pace 
normally and this is just kind of an unusual transition we're in right now? 

<A - Chris Albrecht>: Barton, we think that our core networks that actually produce revenue and strong profitability 
growth over the past several years. We believe our investment in differentiating Starz away from its traditional movie 
routes through compelling originals can result in even stronger relationships with our distributors. As we create even 
more value for them through that programming and through our authenticated platforms, we expect to see benefits to 
both our top line and our profitability. We think these are going to help us cement broader, better relationships with our 
MVPDs and that's why we're playing the strategy that we have and we believe very strongly in it. 

<Q - Barton Crockett>: Okay. And then looking at one kind of component of the revenues here, which is interesting 
that you're talking about the international, I guess I'd call it, syndication rights that you have for things like Black Sails, 
where you were able to take the show and sell it to other kind of pay-TV networks around the world. International sales 
of television content has been a big story for revenue growth at the big TV studios like Warner Brothers and CBS. You 
guys have had a little bit of that with Spartacus. So I was wondering if you could give us a sense of what you're doing 
right now in terms of revenues from selling your shows to overseas distributors and what you see of the opportunity 
there going forward. 

<A - Chris Albrecht>: Well, we certainly look at our distribution platform as an opportunity to net down our 
investment in originals, but we also see that platform as a potential revenue opportunity for our company it be between 
Starz worldwide television distribution and Anchor Bay, which has several outposts outside the U.S. We think that, that 
is a business that is saleable not only servicing our originals and – but also one that we can look at potentially investing. 
So we see that as a valuable platform. 

<Q - Barton Crockett>: Okay, great. I'll leave it there. Thank you very much. 

<A - Chris Albrecht>: Thank you. 

Operator 

We'll now go to Doug Mitchelson with Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - Megan Durkin>: Hi, this is actually Megan Durkin in for Doug. I know there's some windows between the 
theatrical launch to the premiere on Starz can vary a lot. So I've seen some premiere anywhere from 8 to 12 months 
post the theatrical launch. But who makes that decision ultimately? Is it Starz or is it the studio? I'm trying to get at 


whether you have flexibility to time the big films around your original content launches? 

<A - Chris Albrecht>: Yes. It's actually the studio. It's often tied to their releases in other windows, DVD, 
pay-per-view and those things. So not – this isn't the studio call, but I think that they are – they've been shortening their 
windows which means that movies are available to Starz sooner than they were previously in the past. 

<Q - Megan Durkin>: Yes, they seem to be creeping up a lot. And then can you remind us the plan for original 
programming hours over the next few years and how flexible you are with that plans? So in other words, are you 
managing the company to a specific level of programming spend, or is it more flexible if something comes up that you 
really like? 

<A - Chris Albrecht>: Well, we're flexible and we're disciplined. We've previously talked about that we want to ramp 
up to at least 50 hours of series program and scripted series programming in the next couple of years as we now have 
made the decisions to not continue Disney, we're evaluating whether or not that's the right number with the right 
timing. But I wouldn't expect us to go backwards. The idea is to segue from a strictly movie-based service with a little 
original programming into a much more balanced portfolio. 

<Q - Megan Durkin>: Okay, great. Thanks. 

Operator 

And next up is Ben Mogil with Stifel. Please go ahead sir. 

<Q - Ben Mogil>: Hi, good afternoon and thanks for taking my question. So sort of a two-part question. Can you talk 
first about the MSO support around your original programming launch both Da Vinci's Demons and then I guess there's 
this quarter Magic City. And then when you look at the Da Vinci ratings and I know that you sort of conceptually, 
which I understand sort of want to have a show on for two years ago to get a sense of allowing it to have ratings growth 
and not just sort of, but it's too early, but can you talk about how you've sort of thought about the marketing strategy 
given that you've got ratings in for about three or four weeks and how you're thinking about changing the marketing 
strategy who even the demo is, et cetera? 

Operator 

I'm sorry, just one moment. Please hold the line for just one moment. It looks like our speakers have temporarily 
disconnected. We will get them right back online, just one moment. And in the meantime, do you have anything you 
would like to say? Just one moment. And please go ahead, your line is now open. 

<A - Chris Albrecht>: Hello. 

Operator 

Yes, we can hear you. 

<A - Chris Albrecht>: Okay, sorry. Sorry for that. I don't know who provides the phone service, but... 

<Q - Ben Mogil>: Chris, do you want me to repeat the question, is that easier? 

<A - Chris Albrecht>: Yes, especially because I didn't hear it, sorry. 

<Q - Ben Mogil>: Sure. So can you talk about the MSO support that you have tied to your – to the new original 
programs and then I think as well when you look at Da Vinci's Demons is just sort of three to four weeks since the run. 
And when you look at the marketing campaign, any thought – anything you'll do differently sort of going forward in 
terms of what the demo is now versus maybe what you thought the demo would be sort of curious about how flexible 


your marketing campaign changes as you start to see real-time data about who's watching the show, just what you 
thought, et cetera. 

<A - Chris Albrecht>: That's a good question. You must be sitting in our marketing meetings. 

<Q - Ben Mogil>: Well, if you want, you can let – Chris, if you want you can let me in. 

<A - Chris Albrecht>: We certainly look to coordinate and join with our MSOs in marketing around our originals and 
we enjoyed a good deal of support in Da Vinci's Demons. One of the things that we are focused on is as our distributors 
are becoming more sophisticated in how they are able to communicate with their subscribers, whether or not there are 
more innovative things that we can do with them that are non-traditional and that could enhance our ability to market. 
The tall wall billboard, TV commercial is all well and good, but for Starz that may not be the most efficient way of 
doing it. And with regard to our – to the performance of Da Vinci's, we were very pleased with it. Premium television, 
as you probably know, is an inexact science and the quality of the feedback that we got from all of our key constituents, 
the press, the distributors and the subscribers was extremely encouraging and those are the things that really value – 
that really create value with those franchises for us. 

<Q - Ben Mogil>: Are you seeing on your originals a big difference between the live ratings and the Plus 3 and Plus 7 
ratings and that even adding in there the STARZ PLAY ratings like, you don't want to be specific with numbers 
though, if you could, that'd be great, but just conceptually are you sort of seeing – Can you give us a sense of how you 
are seeing that lay out over sort of the week, if you will? 

<A - Chris Albrecht>: Yes, absolutely. It's certainly – It's striking and it's growing, I mean in the sense that the ability 
to time shift or watch later. I mean obviously on premium, when we still have our linear channels, we time shift for you 
because we play at multiple times during the week. We don't have the VOD numbers in on the early Da Vinci episodes 
yet and certainly the authenticated plays like I said we're – we are pretty new there. But as the broadcast networks are 
growing, you have to look at, at least a week of viewing to get a decent picture of the appeal of any program to the 
viewers. 

<Q - Ben Mogil>: And I know you're – I mean you're seeing just trying to sort of ballpark, are you seeing sort of that 
the live ratings are sort of half of what the C+ seven number is or is it still a little more front-pushed? 

<A - Chris Albrecht>: I think, it's – I don't... 

<Q - Ben Mogil>: I'm not trying to put words in your mouth, I'm trying to get a sense of the magnitude. 

<A - Chris Albrecht>: Yes. I think it's less – less than half. 

<Q - Ben Mogil>: Got it, got it. 

<A - Chris Albrecht>: And then obviously that doesn't include the on-demand and everything else. 

<Q - Ben Mogil>: For sure. I just want to get a sense of when you see these ratings out there, they are both meaningful 
and meaningless at the same time, because all they are is live in a world that's no longer lives so I'm curious, your 
thoughts on the sort of staggering from a time perspective. 

<A - Chris Albrecht>: Yes. I think they're one piece of information in a long sheet of things that we need to know 
about our programs. 

<Q - Ben Mogil>: For sure, that's great. Thanks, guys. 

<A - Chris Albrecht>: Thank you. 

Operator 

We will now go to Amy Yong with Macquarie Capital. Please go ahead. 


<Q - Andrew DeGasperi>: Yes, hi. This is Andrew for Amy. I had two questions on the digital front, the STARZ 
PLAY service with Barnes and Google. I was wondering what's the rationale behind that? Is it more branding and if 
you can maybe quantify what the upside is? And secondly, on the capital allocation, it seems the buybacks were a little 
lighter. I was just wondering if you could give us some more color on the potential pace we should be thinking of for 
the rest of the year. 

<A - Chris Albrecht>: With regard to STARZ PLAY, there is no incremental cost for these platforms, much like other 
attributes that have been developed by premium channels, on demand, multiplex. These are enhancements that create 
value for the subscribers of our customers who are our distributors. We think that the value enhancement is significant, 
not only on STARZ, but particularly on ENCORE, which ENCORE PLAY is – the ENCORE PLAY platform will be 
unique in the tier that ENCORE sits on in most MVPD systems. 

So we think these are real value creation. Obviously, you look to see them reduce churn. You look to see them become 
factors that help you engage with your viewer on a different level than that you can engage with just through the MSO. 
And also it's another selling factor for hopefully acquisition campaigns that can be used by both us and the MSOs. And 
with regard to the buyback, Scott, you want to talk about that? 

<A - Scott D. MacDonald>: Yes. I mean, again as we said earlier, we have about $378 million remaining under the 
$400 million authorization. We're constantly evaluating the mix of what we invest in including having enough 
sufficient resource to invest in our original programming. I mean our leverage is currently a little under the 2.5 times 
that we're comfortable with, which gives us flexibility to continue to invest as well as buy back stock, but again we 
kind of look at all these things on an ongoing basis. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Yes, this is Greg, this is Greg Maffei, if I could add one thought. We've had a high quality 
problem in the sense that when you get outside of windows for corporations, you normally set grids and in the case of 
Starz, the high quality problem is the stock has been so strong. It's run through in some cases the grids, and been a very 
attractive investment for outsiders, but probably less stock available to us. So as Scott rightly notes and Chris rightly 
notes, we'll continue to evaluate as we go forward. 

<A - Chris Albrecht>: And thank you, Greg. And as I would say now that Greg has spoken up even though we are 
separated from Liberty, we still have been trained by Liberty. So the idea that stock repurchase is a value enhancing 
strategy is ingrained in our systems. 

<Q - Andrew DeGasperi>: Great. Thanks for the color. 

Operator 

And we'll take the next question from Vijay Jayant with ISI Group. 

<Q - David C. Joyce>: David Joyce for Vijay. I was wondering if you could help us understand the phasing of your 
cash investments for programming, both originals and for acquired and how to compare and contrast that with what you 
would be expensing, granted you've mentioned a couple originals coming up this summer. Just want to try to figure out 
what the seasonality will look like on the cash flows. 

<A - Chris Albrecht>: Good question. Well, as I said, we are approaching this with a portfolio model and I don't just 
mean from the different genres that we're looking at which we're expanding also. But in the way that we invest in these 
programs and the way that we acquire them whether they are licensed, whether they are co-production or whether they 
are fully funded. We also look when, we have different options and we talk to finance and discuss how things must be 
accounted for, what things can be amortized and what things can't. And we look at all of those as we evaluate what we 
think our programming spend should be in a year and going forward. So there are lots of different levers that we can 
pull to achieve a prudent, but a robust ramp-up. Doug, you want to add anything? 

<A>: It will depend on the timing and the number of originals that air during a particular quarter. So you're going to 
have, if you have two originals during a particular quarter, you'd have more amortization during that quarter than you 


would if you have one or you don't have an original in that quarter. 

<Q - David C. Joyce>: Right. And since you're still ramping up, you don't have a seasonality yet for us to kind of get 
used to or model it. 

<A - Chris Albrecht>: No. that, I mean no, that is correct or yes, that is correct. 

<Q - David C. Joyce>: Thank you. 

<A - Chris Albrecht>: Thank you. 

Operator 

And we'll now go to Peter Lee with Evercore. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Peter Lee>: Hi. Just wanted to ask a quick question following up on an early question about Da Vinci's Demons. 
Is there any viewership data that you can provide us? I know in the past there has been average viewer per episode data 
that you provided for Spartacus as well as Magic City. Is there any similar data and how does Da Vinci's Demons 
compare relative to those two shows and to Boss? 

<A - Chris Albrecht>: The information we have so far and there're still some pieces missing is that there's about 6 
million viewers average for an episode of Da Vinci's Demons and – which is – which compares very favorably to our 
other originals. I don't have the Boss or Magic City numbers in front of me, but I think that's better than those two 
shows and probably not as good as Spartacus. 

<Q - Peter Lee>: Okay, great. Thank you. 

<A - Chris Albrecht>: But as someone is now whispering to me, on par with Spartacus. 

<Q - Peter Lee>: Okay. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

And we'll take our last question today from Tony Wible with Janney Capital Markets. 

<Q - Tony Wible>: Yes. So if you can talk about the catalogue by the business and as you build out the originals, will 
you be able to take out a little bit of cost there and then also when you were talking about some of the savings kicking 
in on Sony, is that just part of the output side of the deal or I know in the Q and K, there is reference to kind of these 
fixed cost payments that are made between now, I think, 2014. Are you talking about those fixed cost payments 
stepping down? Thanks. 

<A - Chris Albrecht>: With regard to the deal, we're actually talking about the cost of the movies, not about fixed cost 
payments. And I didn't quite understand your first question. 

<Q - Tony Wible>: So basically the catalog, the non-exclusive stuff that you fill up the day parts around originals on 
the output. Are you able to take some cost out to say older movies and how is that cost trending as you say ramp up 
your spend in originals? 

<A - Chris Albrecht>: I see. Yes, we are looking and evaluating the money that we spend on library. One of the 
benefits of the originals strategy is that, it could have a – very easily have a much larger critical mass and better utility 
than a handful of films that we're going to get through an output deal that we have no control over. So it is certainly 
possible that it could affect our library spend and that's something that we're constantly evaluating as we expand our 
originals trying to make sure that we have those two side wind up and are getting what we need, but not more than we 
need. And seeing how it can effectively ramp up the investment in originals. 

<Q - Tony Wible>: Great. Thank you. 


<A - Chris Albrecht>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you very much. That does conclude our conference for today. I'd like to thank everyone for your participation. 
And you may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2013, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


