Q2 2015 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Courtnee Chun Ulrich 
• Christopher P. Albrecht 
• Scott D. MacDonald 
Other Participants 

• Ryan Fiftal 
• Vasily D. Karasyov 
• David Carl Joyce 
• Barton E. Crockett 
• Amy Yong 
• Benjamin E. Mogil 
• Bryan Kraft 
• Andy R. Hargreaves 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Please stand by. Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Starz Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. 
Today's call is being recorded. 

At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Courtnee Ulrich, VP of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am. 

Courtnee Chun Ulrich 

Thank you. Before we begin, we like to remind everyone that this call includes certain forward-looking statements 
within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements about new service 
offerings and original programming, new distribution platforms for our programming, the continuation of our stock 
repurchase plans, international distribution opportunities, and other matters that are not historical facts. 

These forward-looking statements involve many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ 
materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the 
date of this call, and Starz expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to disseminate any updates or revisions to 
any forward-looking statement contained herein to reflect any change in Starz's expectations with regard thereto or any 
change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based. 

Please refer to the publicly filed documents of Starz, including our most recent Form 10-K and Form 10-Q for 
additional information about Starz and about the risks and uncertainties related to Starz's business, which may affect 
the statements made in this presentation. During today's call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures, 
including adjusted OIBDA. The required definition and reconciliation can be found at the end of the PowerPoint, which 
you can find on our website. 

And now, I'd like to introduce Chris Albrecht, Starz's CEO. 


Christopher P. Albrecht 

Thank you, Courtnee, and welcome, everyone. We appreciate you joining us today for our second quarter 2015 
earnings call and thank you as always for your continued interest in Starz. With me today is Scott MacDonald, Starz's 
Chief Financial Officer. 

We were pleased with our business performance in the quarter with revenue up 2% and adjusted OIBDA and operating 
income both up 5%. We are also pleased with the significant progress made in 2015 on our long-term strategy. 

On the subscriber front, we increased STARZ subscriptions by 1.5 million on a year-over-year basis. As compared with 
the first quarter of 2015, STARZ subscribers decreased 200,000 and ENCORE subscribers decreased 500,000. As 
many of you are aware, our distributors self report to us their premium pay subscriber figures. Last month, one of our 
larger distributors, which was not AT&T U-verse, adjusted its STARZ and ENCORE subscriber reporting. While this 
did not affect revenue, it did reduce our subscriber results for both STARZ and ENCORE by 300,000. Absent this 
adjustment from our distributor, STARZ subscribers would have increased in the second quarter of 2015 by 100,000 in 
comparison to the first quarter of 2015, while ENCORE would have decreased a more modest 200,000. This 
adjustment was not related to any contract negotiation. 

Unlike STARZ, ENCORE is a deeply packaged product in our distributed digital tiers. As a result, ENCORE can 
exhibit a higher degree of volatility associated with distributor packaging changes and lack of promotional efforts, 
which we have experienced over the past several quarters. The ENCORE premium product provides great value with 
eight channels and more than 1,200 movies, and television episodes per month and we continue to invest in the 
channels and services to keep them well positioned with our distributors. 

More importantly at STARZ, we completed a very successful quarter in terms of original programming and remain on 
track to achieve our goal of 75 episodes to 80 episodes of new Originals this year. We are confident that the STARZ 
strategy for original programming, positions us for continued success in the rapidly evolving pay-TV landscape. Strong 
performing franchises such as Outlander and Power are solidifying our relationships with distribution partners, while at 
the same time, providing us with optionality as we consider additional ways to monetize this valuable content. 

Let's get into some of the highlights from the quarter. Outlander remains a strong performer, sustaining its stellar 
performance throughout the first season. Wide critical acclaim, passionate fan interest, and social media buzz amongst 
female audiences made episode premieres of Outlander must-see TV and destination viewing. The series has been a 
game changer for us in terms of consumer and distributor perception, and produced strong viewership results. We look 
forward to bringing it back in 2016. 

We had high expectations for the second season of Power, given the series' strong season one performance. To our 
delight, Power really delivered. Its second season premiere was the most successful ever for a STARZ Originals series 
with record viewership results, and Power is now a top three scripted series on all of cable, and the number one scripted 
show on Saturdays for African-American audiences. We have renewed Power for a third season and are delighted to 
have entered into an overall development deal with the talented show creator and executive producer, Courtney Kemp 
Agboh. 

Next month, we will debut our new half-hour STARZ Original comedy series, Blunt Talk, starring Patrick Stewart. We 
will pair Blunt Talk with the return of Survivor's Remorse from executive producer LeBron James for an exciting new 
full hour comedy block. The final season of Da Vinci's Demons will premiere on October 24, and the following week 
on Halloween, Ash vs. Evil Dead returns to its legions of fans. Flesh and Bone will wrap up the 2015 Originals slate. 

Since our last call, we green-lit the original drama, American Gods, based on the best-selling sci-fi fantasy novel form 
Neil Gaiman. This is an ambitious project with a huge built-in fan base and the search for the lead role of Shadow has 
begun. With several new series and development projects, our pipeline of original content has never looked better. 
STARZ Originals series continue to generate tremendous international interest. 

Power, Flesh and Bone and Ash vs. Evil Dead were all recently licensed by Starz Digital to Australian OTT provider, 
Stan. Starz Digital also struck a new deal with iflix, a fast growing OTT provider operating in Malaysia and the 


Philippines. Stan and iflix join a growing list of overseas distributors, which have licensed multiple series from our 
expanding portfolio of original programming content. Steven Soderbergh's The Girlfriend Experience, Ash vs. Evil 
Dead and our first original movie, The Dresser starring Ian McKellen, Anthony Hopkins and Emily Watson will all be 
presented by Starz Worldwide Distribution and Starz Digital to buyers at the MIPCOM market this October. 

On the technology front, we were pleased to add the Amazon Fire TV and Fire TV Stick to our list of supported 
devices for STARZ PLAY and ENCORE PLAY and also a live stream viewing option to the STARZ PLAY service. 
We continue to invest in our PLAY products and look to make several more new platform announcements over the 
balance of 2015. 

Before turning the call over to Scott to discuss our second quarter financial performance, I wanted to speak briefly on 
AT&T U-verse. While we typically do not comment on the renewal of our core distributor deals, I will give a brief 
comment given the somewhat public nature of these negotiations. Starz is very pleased to have renewed our AT&T 
U-verse distribution agreement for the STARZ and ENCORE channels and services on favorable terms. We believe 
that these past several years of STARZ's subscriber growth is an indication that our strategic plan for the company is 
working and that we are delivering great programming and a terrific value proposition to our distributors and 
subscribers. 

And now, I will turn the call over to Scott. 

Scott D. MacDonald 

Thanks, Chris. For the second quarter, Starz's consolidated revenue was $417.7 million, adjusted OIBDA was $123.4 
million and operating income was $110.5 million. At Starz Networks, second quarter revenue increased 2%, due 
primarily to higher effective rates for our networks. Adjusted OIBDA was comparable to the prior year at $122.2 
million, primarily as a result of the increase in revenue and lower programming cost, which was offset by increased 
advertising and marketing related to original programming. Starz Networks' cash paid for investments in films and 
television programs increased $11.1 million to $71.2 million, primarily due to a greater number of original series in 
production in Q2 2015. 

At Starz Distribution, revenue increased $3.3 million to $78.4 million and adjusted OIBDA increased $5.8 million to 
$2.0 million, primarily as a result of the digital distribution of titles from The Weinstein Company. Starz Distribution's 
cash paid for investment in films and television programs increased $12.8 million to $53.7 million, primarily due to the 
timing of payments for The Weinstein Company titles. 

As we look towards the fourth quarter of 2015, we have a robust lineup of original programming with the debut of Ash 
vs. Evil Dead, Da Vinci's Demons, which is entering its third and final season, and the limited series, Flesh and Bone. 
This compares to The Missing and The Chair, two lower cost series we aired in Q4 2014. Furthermore, Flesh and Bone 
does have higher costs associated with it compared to other limited series as we originally viewed the series to have 
multiple seasons. Additionally, note that from a timing perspective, Da Vinci's Demons is airing in Q4 2015 compared 
to its first quarter and second quarter run in 2014. 

From May 1, 2015 through July 31, 2015, we bought back 700,000 shares of our common stock for $29.9 million at an 
average price of $42.25. Since January 14, 2013 when our stock began trading, we have repurchased 23.6 million 
shares or 19.4% of our outstanding shares. We currently have $138.5 million remaining under our share repurchase 
authorization. At June 30, we had $506 million drawn under our revolving credit facility with $494 million of 
borrowing capacity remaining. Our leverage stood at approximately 2.3 times adjusted OIBDA. 

With that, I'll turn it back to Chris. 

Christopher P. Albrecht 

Thanks, Scott. We can now open up the call for questions, operator. 


Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Ryan Fiftal with Morgan Stanley. 

<Q - Ryan Fiftal>: Great. Thank you very much. Two questions if I may. First one, I guess either for Chris or Scott, 
trying to get at the connection between the sub-growth and the topline growth, so the sub-growth was up still 7% or so 
year-over-year and I guess even better factoring in that adjustment, but the topline did decelerate a bit at the networks 
and the Q continues to cite a headwind from volume, so I was hoping – I guess I'm still trying to square that circle 
hoping for some color there? 

<A - Scott D. MacDonald>: Okay, this is Scott. All of our agreements have annual price escalators. So, we're seeing a 
positive impact with respect to kind of the rate side of the equation with respect to our revenue on the networks 
business. We have seen positive subscriber trends and those trends have been positive not just for non-consignment but 
also for consignment distributors. However, we're not always in marketing campaigns including with certain larger 
distributors which we have seen that here over the past. I can't tell you now that we are in those campaigns with the 
larger guys, so we expect to see positive trends here going forward. 

<Q - Ryan Fiftal>: All right. Thank you. And then, one on the distribution agreement side, so maybe a quick one, does 
the AT&T deal, does that strictly cover U-verse or does that cover DIRECTV as well? And then, maybe more broadly 
for Chris, I know, last quarter you talked about a strategy of really trying to get closer to the MVPDs and becoming the 
"house brand." I was wondering if you've had any progress along those lines, what the tenor of those discussions have 
been like? Thank you. 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: You got a lot of questions in that second one. The answer to the first part of your 
second question, the first question in your second question is they had not completed their merger during our contract 
negotiations. So there was no combined company for us to negotiate with. With regard to the house brand comment, we 
continue to have interesting discussions with our distributors. We have nothing to report. We're going to keep the faith 
a little longer, while we view what seems to be an evolving, sometimes quickly, landscape that I think is highlighting 
the premium brands, and that offering potential opportunities, we are evaluating all of those and we're going to make 
our decisions of what to do based on the ones that we consider add the best net benefit to Starz. 

<Q - Ryan Fiftal>: Great. Thank you. 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. I'll go on to Vasily Karasyov with CLSA. 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Vasily? 

Operator 

And Vasily, your line is open. Please check your mute button. 

<Q - Vasily D. Karasyov>: Oh, yeah, sorry. Good morning. Different take on Ryan's question, when will we be able to 
see the acceleration in network revenue, because of all the subscriber additions. I know for example what we know is 
that for HBO, it takes years, are we talking years here, are we talking quarters, just wondering. I think a lot of people 
out there wondering when we will see the benefit of the subscriber gains last year? 


<A - Scott D. MacDonald>: Well, a lot of it depends on, as I had mentioned earlier, how the distributors are pushing 
the product on the consignment side of the business. What we are seeing now here in the last couple of months is a 
positive trend with respect to that. So in future periods here, not years, we should see that positive impact, along with a 
continued favorable impact we get from our annual price escalators. 

<Q - Vasily D. Karasyov>: Okay. And a quick follow up. Is there any headwind to that, because usually you disclose 
that say we gained this much in revenue because of rate increases, but lost this much, should we be aware of any 
headwinds that we'll see in the next quarter or two? 

<A - Scott D. MacDonald>: No. 

<Q - Vasily D. Karasyov>: Okay. Thank you very much. Have a good day. 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Thanks, Vasily. 

Operator 

Thank you. And we'll continue on to David Joyce with Evercore ISI. 

<Q - David Carl Joyce>: Thank you. First question relates to your new over-the-top service in the Mid-East and 
Africa. I was wondering if you can talk about what that subscriber experience has been like, how much longer you want 
to learn from that before you start rolling that out further, and can Lions Gate and its relationships around the world 
help you with that product? 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Yes. 

<A - Scott D. MacDonald>: Well, let me start off on the first part. I mean they're early in their launch of the products. 
So right now testing the platform and also making sure that the various – how you pay for the service or put in place 
and working. So it's really kind of a slow rollout at this point, but everything has been going well. Feel like we have a 
really good team in place. And I mean, I think the prospects are positive ahead for it, but we purposefully launched it, 
very – I think the word judiciously is probably the best way to say it. So, we make sure everything is working well and 
that the customer experience is positive. 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: And I think with regard to what this tells us, this in effect was us hanging a sign-out 
saying open for business. And we've had a lot of incoming, as a matter of fact, we had a conversation yesterday about 
maybe we need to get a little more proactive, because it seems to be people that are very interested and not only 
financial investors, but strategics as well in potentially venturing with Starz to create over-the-top products that would 
exist outside the U.S. So I think while we are – as Scott said, we are learning about operating a business like this in a 
country other than the United States, we're also at the same time showing the skillset that's necessary to attract other 
partners or other potential partners I should say. 

<Q - David Carl Joyce>: Thanks. And I had a another question on the original content side. I was curious why Da 
Vinci's Demons wouldn't be renewed after this third season. Is it a cost issue per episode or is it the end of the creative 
aspect of the storyline? I was just wondering then how much do you need multiple years in order to sell this into 
syndication the way other types of network business models work? 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Right. So I guess the honest answer about Da Vinci's Demons is we're so excited 
about the things that we have coming up and we've been very disciplined in our approach. We see things that are 
working and growing. We see things that are targeting underserved audiences and providing us with really involved, 
active, vocal constituencies and with Black Sails on and Da Vinci's Demons on, it just felt as if we were kind of doing 
the same with two different shows. 

We don't have all the rights of Da Vinci's Demons. One of the things that is part of our distribution business and I know 
many of you were estimating results that we would see from our distribution business. Spartacus was a unique situation 
because it had been on and Starz owned those rights. And our current sort of windowing strategy is that we don't sell 


those rights in syndication until episodes have stopped airing on Starz. Whether we change that in the future or not, I 
can't say, that's currently the way we're operating. 

So as part of our portfolio strategy, we don't own the rights to all of these programs. Outlander, we don't own all the 
rights to Outlander, we do to Power, we do to Black Sails, we do to Ash vs. Evil Dead and we do to Survivor's 
Remorse. And so we're trying to balance the shows. Our first priority is put a successful original programming strategy 
in place on our Starz channels and we're very pleased with the progress that we've made and we're seeing really 
positive results with that. 

And then we're also obviously looking at how we monetize those through our distribution, but at the same time keeping 
in mind the portfolio approach that we've had to financing this ramp-up, because as I've said before, we're targeting 
2017 as the year that – in January 2017, we want to be in place when the Disney movies roll off with the right original 
programming lineup, the right mix, the right shows, hitting the right demographics, a diverse portfolio, and one that's at 
the right time in the lifecycle of the shows. 

So, there is a lot of factors that go into these decisions. We're happy with Da Vinci's Demons, proud of it, grateful to 
David Goyer and his team, and I think the fans are going to really enjoy the last season. 

<Q - David Carl Joyce>: Great. Thank you. 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question will come from Barton Crockett with FBR Capital Markets. 

<Q - Barton E. Crockett>: Okay. Thanks for taking the question. I was wondering about if you have any better 
visibility now or any indication you can give us about the likelihood of sustaining a modicum of revenue growth into 
2017, when the Disney movies roll off. I understand your deals, most of them may not stretch that far, but you've just 
gone through renewal with AT&T. We suspect given that DIRECTV was last signed in 2012, you may be negotiating 
or done with your renewal there. Do you see anything that would give us confidence that revenues that we see today 
will kind of be the same or larger in 2017 most likely, because I think that one of fears is that you could get pushed to 
lower your rates if you lose the Disney content? 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: So, obviously, we don't give guidance. But I can say that we believe and we're 
certainly seeing evidence of this that the Originals are what the distributors are placing much more value on. This is not 
to say that Disney content isn't good. Disney does a nice job. We're not concerned about the loss of Disney as it relates 
to any of our current distribution agreements. And to the extent that there are new products that get created in terms of 
packaging around premiums whether by our current distributors or by new distributors, it's clearly the Originals that 
drive those. 

And so I think we're feeling confident with our current distributors, and we think that there will be opportunities 
because of the strategy that we've now been executing on for the last couple of years, and we'll continue to for the next 
couple of years, and obviously forward, position us well to take advantage of those opportunities. So I can't give you 
comfort other than to say that we don't see any things that are – we see more potential opportunity than we see potential 
roadblocks. 

<Q - Barton E. Crockett>: Okay. All right. That's helpful. And if I could just follow-up on a finer point on 
DIRECTV, I hear you that you were not negotiating DIRECTV with AT&T as they were separate companies. But can 
you give us any sense of where you are with DIRECTV, are you in renewal discussions, have you already renewed, is it 
going to month-to-month, is there any color you can give us around that? 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: We are under contract with DIRECTV right now, not month-to-month. And beyond 
that, I can't comment on any specifics of any of our affiliate agreements, sorry Barton. 


<Q - Barton E. Crockett>: Okay. All right. That's fair. Thank you very much. 

<A - Scott D. MacDonald>: Thank you. 

Operator 

And we'll now go to Amy Yong with Macquarie Capital. 

<Q - Amy Yong>: Thanks. Two questions. So you made a lot of progress on Originals this year and last, did that help 
you gain any leverage when you discussed your negotiation with AT&T? And how did those discussions go compared 
to previous years? Is there any metrics you can measure that could help us think about your success? And then my 
second question is on streaming, you mentioned new platforms being announced later this year, can you elaborate on 
what those might be, are they direct to consumer and any general thoughts on deals like HBO GO and Verizon? Thank 
you. 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Thanks, Amy. I'll answer the first part of your question by saying absolutely 
positively yes. Having the Originals has a positive impact on our discussions with our distributors unequivocally. 

<Q - Amy Yong>: Okay. Any metrics? 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: No, I mean I don't even know what those metrics would be, but the answer is no, we 
don't have metrics. I mean they don't pay us per show or per film, they pay us for STARZ and they pay us for 
ENCORE. With regard to streaming or OTI, I mean, I imagine... 

<A - Scott D. MacDonald>: And the devices. 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Oh, okay. Is that your question about devices? 

<Q - Amy Yong>: New platforms or devices, I think that's what you mentioned in your prepared comments? 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Right. So, the implementation of the PLAY platforms on other devices is really just 
another way for subscribers to access their STARZ subscription, and it's part of the TV everywhere promise. That still 
is evolving and that still is certainly valuable, even though a lot of people have said that it didn't live up to what the 
expectations were. So the rollout of the PLAY platforms is related to the STARZ subscriptions that are sold through the 
MVPD partners. 

With regard to other products, whether it be – you mentioned HBO NOW, that I think goes back to our general 
statement which is we certainly see an increased interest. New distributors placing value on premium. We think that's a 
good story for STARZ and we are evaluating what others are doing. I think it's early days. I've yet to see any hard 
reported data on the benefit of that to the other brands, but I can tell you that again there are lots of people who are 
interested in distributing STARZ and we have the full capability to follow in the footsteps of what any of the other 
premium brands are doing, and we are going to evaluate all of these things on the basis of which ones we think provide 
the best net benefit to STARZ. 

<Q - Amy Yong>: Great. Thank you. 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Thanks, Amy. 

Operator 

And we'll now hear from Ben Mogil with Stifel. 

<Q - Benjamin E. Mogil>: Hi, good afternoon, Chris, and thanks for taking the question. Sort of looking at the MVPD 
front, if you don't end up getting the promotional support that you're looking for over next couple years, any thoughts 
on say going something like a three-year window that HBO uses and starting to license some of the content that you do 


own either to SVOD both to gain some revenue and to gain some attention on the linear service, like what are your 
thoughts on how long you're willing to stay completely within the MVPD environment before you say I need to breach 
this a little bit, if you will? 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Sure. Look, we don't have a hard date. We haven't said there's no dah-dah-dah. But 
we're evaluating this. As I said, they're early days in all of this, little bit like the Wild West right now. I'm not really 
sure. Even as I look at what HBO and Showtime are doing, I'm not really sure that I see what the strategy is with – I 
mean I'm not sitting in their conference room. So we have no end date, and yet at the same time we don't feel that we 
have any obligation to not take advantage of opportunity. So we're going to keep evaluating them. 

With regard to your question about our windowing strategy, we certainly have noticed the deal that HBO made with 
Amazon, noticed that they are selling the shows after three seasons, but they're selling them one season at a time. I 
mean Amazon is airing them one season at a time. It's not as if by the beginning of the fourth season, they're dropping 
all previous seasons. So that's an interesting strategy and we will continue to look at what we're doing and be aware of 
what others are doing, and see if that should affect our strategy. 

<Q - Benjamin E. Mogil>: Okay. That's great. Thanks, Chris. And if I can ask one quick other one. Some of the TV 
producers have been both publicly and privately talking just about how much better the environment is for them than a 
couple years ago in terms of the ability to get full season, 13-episode pickups on just a script, and seeing better 
economics in terms of what rights they retain, et cetera. As a buyer from your perspective, are you seeing cost inflation 
getting out there? Are you seeing the amount of rights that you have or don't have be under some pressure, kind of 
curious your view on as a buyer effectively what you're seeing over the last couple years. 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Yes. Honestly I haven't seen any impact on price. I thought we were going to be way 
ahead of the game when we green-lit our first few shows right to series and didn't do a pilot, and it seems as if once 
again we've created a trend rather than followed it. But that just means you've got to be more certain about what you're 
doing. So it has impacted the way you need to step up, but it doesn't impact the cost when you decide to step up, or 
after you decide to step up. And we're premium television. So our shows need to look the best that shows can look on 
television and we're very proud of the way our shows look. Our shows are longer than all episodes on ad-supported 
television. That's another part of the premium opportunity for creators and for show runners. 

So we think we have a lot to offer these people and that helps us attract these projects that are probably best suited for 
premium. And that's one of the considerations that we factor in when we're thinking about which shows to do. I mean 
the shows that are coming up on STARZ have auspices that are as good as any shows on television and that are – 
something that is so important in not just making great shows but in attracting more great shows with great auspices. So 
we're not seeing a problem either from a supply point of view or from our ability to finance things in achieving this 
high-quality premium lineup. 

<Q - Benjamin E. Mogil>: That's great, Chris. Thanks for the color. 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Bryan Kraft with Deutsche Bank has our next question. 

<Q - Bryan Kraft>: Hi, good afternoon or good morning. I had a couple questions around the schedules. I was 
wondering, Chris, if you could quantify the number of original episodes that you're going to air for the first time in the 
fourth quarter. And then also if you could shed any light on when approximately you'll be premiering American Gods, 
The One Percent and The Girlfriend Experience. And other than Da Vinci's Demons and Flesh and Bone, I was 
wondering if there are any shows that at this point will not return for next year? Thanks. 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Okay. So fourth quarter things that are premiering I think you said for the first time. 
So we've got – no, we've got 10 Ash vs. Evil Dead, we've got 10 Da Vinci, right? 


<A - Scott D. MacDonald>: Yes. 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: And eight Flesh and Bone, so that's 28. We are going to be airing The Girlfriend 
Experience in 2016 almost certainly first half. There are no other shows like Flesh and Bone where we had planned it 
as an ongoing series and see it being reconstituted into a limited series. I think when you finally see Flesh and Bone, it 
is a very satisfying experience as a limited series, and creatively, it just seemed to us to work that way. But we don't 
have any others like that. 

So, American Gods, probably air in – I don't have this in front of me, I'm sorry. Now, American Gods, I think we 
moved that up, right? Could be – either One Percent or American Gods will be in 2017. And how much else is in 2017, 
I can't tell you right now because I don't know. A lot of this is Alejandro Iñárritu's film, The Revenant got pushed back, 
and when I spoke to him on Sunday, he was literally in Argentina looking for snow, not for the One Percent. 

And, Counterpart we're waiting on JK Simmons's schedule. We're writing all these shows, all the writing rooms are in 
good order. And, the same thing with American Gods, two terrific show runners, and the casting process is one that is 
unique. The lead is multiracial. You've got to have he's very specific in the book, and one thing we've learnt from 
Outlander certainly is don't disappoint the fans, don't trick them, and they won't trick you. 

So these are important shows and we're making sure that we're going to put our best foot forward by doing them at the 
right time. But we have a lot of optionality, which we have for the first time, and that's a benefit to us as we look to 
navigate the winds of production that go along with being in business with Academy Award winning directors or top 
show runners and top talent. 

<Q - Bryan Kraft>: Thanks, Chris. And just a couple follow-ups. So is The Missing going to also be in 4Q? It seemed 
like you only addressed a few shows. 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: No, no, no, no. The Missing 2 hasn't begun production yet. So that will most likely be 
in 2017. 

<Q - Bryan Kraft>: Okay. Okay, so Ash vs. Evil Dead, Da Vinci and Flesh and Bones are the only three originals in 
the fourth quarter? 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Right, but as Scott pointed out, those are significantly more in terms of their cost than 
the two shows that we had in fourth quarter 2014, which were The Missing and The Chair. 

<Q - Bryan Kraft>: Okay. And you said either One Percent or American Gods will be in 2017. Does that mean the 
other one will be in 2016 or in 2018? 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Probably in 2018. 

<Q - Bryan Kraft>: Okay. Okay, great. And then if I could ask just one more. I was curious about what your internal 
research reveals about the STARZ brand as you've seen all the success with your programming. Do you have any 
tracking or research that you do that shows how it's actually resonating with consumers? 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: We do have tracking. We do have research and we're about to do another round, 
because its time given the success of our Originals now that have been out there for a little while and that we're seeing 
such traction with. I think the top line is a lot more brand awareness, a lot more awareness in terms of subscribers being 
able to identify a show as being on Starz. That's something that's not unique to Starz, because people watch TV shows 
and often don't realize what channel they are watching on and with premium that's probably a little more important than 
it is in ad-supported. So we're seeing really positive trends that way. I think this is all – like I said, we're in this for the 
long run. We look at our business long-term. We look at our business year-over-year, and I think all the metrics are 
showing that the strategy is working and we're seeing positive trends. 

<Q - Bryan Kraft>: Great. Thanks, Chris. 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Thank you. 


Operator 

Thank you. And today's final question will come from Andy Hargreaves with Pacific Crest Securities. 

<Q - Andy R. Hargreaves>: Thanks. Just a couple more questions about content. One, just on the Q4, I wonder if you 
could clarify at all, are you still expecting the nominal sequential decline in programming cost or will that extra 
expense for the Originals change that? And then just a general question is obviously you guys are doing great shows. 
There's a lot of people doing a lot of very good shows now and on-demand increases the competition even more. So is 
part of what we're seeing, it seems like ad expense stepped up, is part of that, just that it's harder to get people to notice 
shows now that the supply is higher or was that just...? 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: What you said? 

<A - Courtnee Chun Ulrich>: Ad expense. 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Ad expense. 

<Q - Andy R. Hargreaves>: Ad expense, yes, so the basic question said simpler is... 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Yes, I mean, look the ad expenses, we have more shows that we need to advertise, so 
it's not we're saying that we have to spend more on the shows, we just have more shows. So we have a marketing 
campaign for every show. So, when you're marketing four shows, you're going to be spending one amount of money; 
when you're marketing eight shows, you're going to be spending a different amount of money. But I'll let Scott tackle 
the first part of your question. 

<A - Scott D. MacDonald>: So, when you look at the fourth quarter, again, I think, as I had in my remarks and Chris 
just mentioned, you've got Flesh and Bone, Da Vinci's and Ash vs. Evil Dead. Those shows are higher cost shows than 
the shows we had in the fourth quarter of last year; that being The Chair and The Missing. So you will have higher cost 
in the fourth quarter 2015. 

<Q - Andy R. Hargreaves>: Okay. Thank you very much. 

Christopher P. Albrecht 

Thank you. And that's all the time we have. And thank you for your continued interest in Starz. 

Operator 

Thank you. And again, ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference call. Thank you all again for your 
participation. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2015, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


