Q1 2014 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Courtnee Ulrich 
• Christopher P. Albrecht 
• Scott D. MacDonald 
Other Participants 

• Jeff D. Wlodarczak 
• David C. Joyce 
• Amy Yong 
• Ryan Fiftal 
• Vasily D. Karasyov 
• Barton Crockett 
• Megan Durkin 
• Ben Mogil 
• Tony Wible 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Starz First Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being 
recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Courtnee Ulrich, 
Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin, ma'am. 

Courtnee Ulrich 

Good morning. Before we begin, we'd like to remind everyone that this call includes certain forward-looking 
statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements about 
business strategies, market potential, future financial prospects, new service and product launches, including original 
programming, new programming distribution platforms, the continuation of our stock repurchase plan and other matters 
that are not historical facts. 

These forward-looking statements involve many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ 
materially from those expressed or implied by such statements, including, without limitation, market acceptance of new 
products or services, the timely launch of our original programming, the cooperation of our distributors in marketing 
our services, competitive issues, regulatory issues and continued access to capital on terms acceptable to Starz. 

These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this call, and Starz expressly disclaims any obligation or 
undertaking to disseminate any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement contained herein to reflect any 
change in Starz's expectations with regard thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any 
such statement is based. 

During today's call we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures, including adjusted OIBDA. The required 
definitions and reconciliation, Schedule 1, can be found at the end of this presentation. 


And now I'd like to introduce Starz CEO, Chris Albrecht. 

Christopher P. Albrecht 

Thank you, Courtnee, and good morning. We appreciate your interest in Starz, and thank you for joining us on today's 
first quarter 2014 earnings call. I'm here with Starz's CFO, Scott MacDonald. 

Our business performed well during the first quarter, setting the stage for what we believe will be a strong 2014. We're 
building the STARZ brand, investing to create compelling original programming and fortifying our unique position 
with viewers and our distribution partners. As a result of our efforts, we delivered another quarter of revenue and 
adjusted OIBDA increases. 

The STARZ Original series slate scheduled for 2014 is complete, with seven series comprising 55 total hours of 
Originals. We're well on our way to achieving the previously discussed goal of attaining 65 hours to 75 hours of 
STARZ Original series annually over the next few years. 

Let's take a updated look at our 2014 STARZ Original programming series slate. The first season of Black Sails 
successfully concluded in the first quarter with final multi-platform data showing that on average more than 5.2 million 
viewers watched this episode. This series also enjoyed strong international sales, including the recent UK distribution 
agreement with Amazon Prime Instant Video that resulted in it becoming the first ever U.S. premium series to premiere 
on that service. We look forward to bringing the series back for a second season in early 2015. 

The second season of Da Vinci's Demons premiered in March and it's performing well, consistent with its successful 
first season. On June 7, we'll debut Power from Executive Producer Curtis "50 Cent" Jackson and creator, Courtney 
Kemp Agboh, known for her work on The Good Wife. Thanks to distribution agreements already in place, Power is 
licensed for distribution in 75 countries and territories worldwide including Canada, Russia, Scandinavia, Turkey, 
Belgium and Latin America. 

Last month's Power World Premiere Screening at the MIPTV Conference in Cannes drew record high attendance for 
the event helping to further boost international sales. Outlander and Survivor's Remorse are next on the schedule 
followed by two new additions to 2014 original programming line-up The Missing and The Chair, both slated for this 
fall. The Missing is an eight part limited dramatic series, which we are co-producing with our partners at BBC and 
Company Pictures with whom we also created the successful and Golden Globe nominated STARZ Original series The 
White Queen. The Chair is our first unscripted series. It's also an opportunity for me to work with Emmy-Nominated 
producer Chris Moore again, with whom I launched Project Greenlight. 

We retain all domestic multiplatform pay TV rights to each of these new Original series. Looking forward to the 2015 
programming slate, earlier this week we announced two season greenlight of Blunt Talk which is a new half-hour 
scripted comedy series from the incredible comic geniuses Seth MacFarlane and the acclaimed writer Jonathan Ames. 
It will star one of the greatest actors of stage and screen, both big and small, Sir Patrick Stewart. 

Updating our TV Everywhere efforts, we're continuing to roll out the STARZ PLAY, ENCORE PLAY and 
MOVIEPLEX PLAY with our distribution partners and on new platforms and devices. Recent MVPD launches have 
brought the STARZ PLAY tally to more than 85% of our current STARZ subscriber base, with ENCORE PLAY and 
MOVIEPLEX PLAY not far behind. 

We also launched ENCORE PLAY and MOVIEPLEX PLAY on the Xbox 360 last month and remain on track for all 
three of our authenticated online services to be on the new Xbox One platform by year's end. As we continue to build a 
compelling original programming slate, we're gaining more traction with audiences and our distributors, which helps to 
further cement our relationships, increase viewership, and drive future subscriber growth. 

I'll now turn the call over to Scott. 


Scott D. MacDonald 

Thanks, Chris. For the quarter, STARZ's revenue increased 5% to $420 million. Adjusted OIBDA increased 8% to 
$126.2 million, and operating income increased 8% to $113.5 million. STARZ Networks revenue increased 3% to $324 
million due to higher effective rates for our networks. Adjusted OIBDA was consistent with the prior year at $114 
million, as a result of the increase in revenue, offset by higher programming and advertising costs related to the 
increase in first quarter original programming. 

The increase in programming and advertising costs during the quarter was a result of two original series, Black Sails 
and Da Vinci's Demons premiering in Q1 2014, as compared to one original series, Spartacus: War of the Damned in 
Q1 2013. Similar to 2013, our original programming slate is weighted more heavily towards the first three quarters of 
the year, which results in higher originals related program expense during these quarters. 

Networks cash paid for investments in films and television programs increased 90% to $55.5 million, due to timing of 
payments related to our upcoming Outlander series and a greater number of original series in production. In Q1 2014, 
we had three series, Black Sails Season 2, Outlander Season 1, and Power Season 1 in production, as compared to one, 
Black Sails Season 1, in Q1 2013. 

At Starz Distribution, our distribution agreement with The Weinstein Company helped to grow our Q1 2014 
distribution revenue to $87.3 million and adjusted OIBDA to $12.7 million. New Q1 2014 releases from The Weinstein 
included The Butler, Fruitvale Station and Mandela: Long Walk to Freedom. As we have previously mentioned, Starz 
Distribution's revenue and adjusted OIBDA will vary from quarter-to-quarter based on the release timing of Weinstein 
films, STARZ Originals and other content. 

At March 31, we had $326.5 million drawn under our revolving credit facility, with $673.5 million of borrowing 
capacity remaining. Our leverage stood at 2.2 times adjusted OIBDA. 

From February 1 to April 30, we bought back 1.4 million shares of our Series A common stock for $41 million at an 
average price of $29.35. Since January 14, 2013 when our stock began trading, we have repurchased 14.2 million 
shares or 11.6% of our outstanding shares. 

Now I'll turn it back to Chris. 

Christopher P. Albrecht 

Thanks, Scott. As discussed, the overall fundamentals of the STARZ businesses remain strong. We're focused on 
creating and maximizing value for shareholders through a disciplined approach of prudently managing the business and 
executing against our plan of growth through investment in our Networks and Distribution businesses with increased 
original programming that benefits our distribution partners and their customers. We remain encouraged with our 
business position and confident in this approach. We can now open up the call for your questions. Operator? 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Jeff Wlodarczak from Pivotal Research. Go 
ahead. 

<Q - Jeff D. Wlodarczak>: Hey, guys. I was hoping you could provide more color, specifically on what drove your 
first quarter net new subscriber losses and what's the outlook for reversing those losses? And then I have one follow-up. 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Sure. I would reiterate as we said before that we look at our business, including our 
subscriber numbers on a year-to-year basis. And as I said in my remarks, we're looking forward to a strong 2014 for 


STARZ. A little more color, what we saw in this quarter, we think with the impact of some price increases from some 
of our distributors, some tightening of the credit policies with some of our distributors, in some cases some changes in 
their marketing support and with regard to certain smaller distributors and some of the issues that they have with regard 
to their own businesses, we've seen some repackaging. And I would also add that we have seen – we are seeing very 
encouraging results from Time Warner Cable with our renewed relationship with them particularly with the Starz 
subscribers. So ... 

<Q - Jeff D. Wlodarczak>: All right. 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Yeah. 

<Q - Jeff D. Wlodarczak>: So you think you're going to have a, somewhat of a rebound off of Q1 levels? 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Obviously, we don't give any guidance, but I would just go back to the fact that we're 
looking forward to a strong 2014. 

<Q - Jeff D. Wlodarczak>: All right. Got it. And then, and then just one other follow-up, your first quarter share 
repurchase was healthy, but slowed somewhat versus last three quarters. Was there anything in particular driving that? 
Is 66% sort of a reasonable run rate for the balance of the year quarterly? Thanks. 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: You know, we have been and continue to be opportunistic with our stock buyback, as 
Scott pointed out, since little more than a year we bought back almost 12% of the outstanding shares. We still have 
over $400 million remaining under share repurchase authorization. So we're going to continue to look at it and make 
decisions accordingly. 

<Q - Jeff D. Wlodarczak>: Okay. Thanks very much. 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Thank you. 

Operator 

And our next question comes from David Joyce from International Strategy & Investment Group. 

<Q - David C. Joyce>: Thank you. I was wondering if you could provide some color on the timing of the cash flow, 
production spending. You did mention that there are a few series in the works right now. Is there anything new in how 
we should be considering in how that phases throughout the year versus last year? 

<A - Scott D. MacDonald>: This is Scott. Typically, we see more spend in the first half of the year. We have the 
timing of when we receive the summer blockbuster movies. Also, with respect to our Outlander series, as I had 
mentioned in my prepared remarks, we have expected to make payments in 2013, however, the contract wasn't resolved 
with Sony or finalized until 2014. So, we had some true-ups associated with Outlander in the first quarter here that we 
had anticipated in the prior year. 

And then, we're also seeing the ramp-up overall in original programming going from, I believe it was 36 hours last year 
to the 55 hours that Chris mentioned this year. It's generally been more weighted to the first half of the year. 

<Q - David C. Joyce>: Thank you. And relates to your distribution license with The Weinstein Company, how will 
that – those releases compare versus last year in the next quarter or two? 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Go ahead, Scott. 

<A - Scott D. MacDonald>: So, with respect to The Weinstein, of course, last year and you see this more in the second 
quarter results. They had Django Unchained and Silver Linings Playbook, which were two large releases. This year, in 
the first quarter, The Butler was a sizable release. But we're not anticipating the same, at least in the earlier part of the 
year here that we saw last year from The Weinsteins as they're finalizing their release dates and all. 


<Q - David C. Joyce>: Thanks. And finally, as a follow-on on the stock buyback question, you've mentioned that 
you'd be opportunistic with it. But is there any correlation with the timing of your free cash flow that might correlate 
with the buyback activity? 

<A - Scott D. MacDonald>: None at all. 

<Q - David C. Joyce>: Okay, since you've got the credit facility available. Okay. Thank you very much. 

<A - Scott D. MacDonald>: Yeah. None at all. None at all. 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Thank you. 

Operator 

And our next question comes from Amy Yong from Macquarie. 

<Q - Amy Yong>: Thanks. A few questions, first on ARPU, can you just help us think about the different drivers of 
ARPU and maybe as Time Warner Cable subscribers become a greater component of your mix, how does that charge 
ARPU growth? And my second question is on international, how do we think about the licensing opportunity with 
Amazon Prime and for your distribution partners? Thanks. 

<A - Scott D. MacDonald>: So with respect to ARPU, again, we have the balancing of agreements between 
consignment and non-consignment. So, we look at those to help those agreements to help drive our growth. So when 
you look at a distributor that has a consignment deal as they add subscribers, that's going to help with respect to the 
overall ARPU and then with respect to the non-consignment deals, you have the protection with respect to – if 
subscriber growth is not increasing, that actually helps to increase the ARPU. 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Because as we've mentioned before, our agreements generally contain yearly 
contractual price increases. With regard to your question about Amazon, we look at – any time there's a new buyer that 
comes in – it's a good thing if you're a seller, which we are, of the international rights that we control. We were thrilled 
to make the Amazon Instant Prime UK deal. And as we see both domestically and internationally, Amazon is becoming 
potentially a more important buyer, and we're thrilled with that relationship. And the other thing that comes out of our 
business is selling and licensing our programs overseas is the opportunity to make connections with countries outside 
of the United States that provide interesting discussions for Starz and its businesses. 

<Q - Amy Yong>: Great. Thank you. 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Thank you. 

Operator 

And our next question comes from Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley. 

<Q - Ryan Fiftal>: Hi. It's Ryan Fiftal on for Ben. I have two questions. So, first apologies, another follow-up on the 
buyback. I was just wondering if there's been any change in how you guys are thinking about your priorities on capital 
allocation, if there are any other uses of cash that you see as potentially attractive. And also, if there's been any change 
to your comfort with financial leverage? 

<A - Scott D. MacDonald>: So, we look at growing our business, investing in our business, and creating a long-term 
shareholder value. Obviously, stock buybacks are something that are one of those tools. We have a very healthy 
balance sheet. We are interested in growing our businesses and look at all the opportunities that we can think of or that 
come our way to try to do that. I just want – but what I think is the important piece of your question is, there isn't any 
correlation between the amount of cash that we have and the decisions that we're making. There's no change with 
regard to what our comfort is around our current leverage. And as I said, we remain opportunistic. We have over $400 


million left in our share repurchase authorization, and we are looking at all aspects of our business. 

<Q - Ryan Fiftal>: Okay. Great. And then, Chris you've talked about a priority of building your brand over time. So I 
was wondering if you could share maybe with what you're seeing in your market research, if you're seeing any rising 
awareness of your networks in your brands and how satisfied you are with your progress to-date. 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Thanks for that question, sure. We are really pleased with what we're seeing. I mean, 
certainly with regard to the things that are performing well on our services, we see an increase almost every month, 
every quarter on the number of Originals that are in our top 100 performing titles, on our channels. We certainly see a 
lot more activity from the press and interest around our programs. The growth through Time Warner Cable and the 
really important market of Los Angeles and New York are not only opportunities for revenue, but opportunities for 
brand awareness building and potential value creation. 

And so, we are seeing very encouraging signs and as we test some of these new programs that are coming out, we're 
seeing very encouraging signs there. And with regard to our upcoming slate both in the variety of kinds of programs we 
have, the opportunities for them to appeal to a broad array of different demographic groups, I think both in quality and 
in interesting programs, we have a slate which I think is right up there and competitive with the best-in-class. 

<Q - Ryan Fiftal>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Vasily Karasyov from Sterne, Agee. 

<Q - Vasily D. Karasyov>: Thank you. So, if I look at your film output deal cost, it was going down whole year last 
year and it seems like it went up year-on-year in the first quarter. Can you just tell us what happened there and if it's 
indicative of what's going to happen in the rest of the year? And then, I have a follow-up on distribution. 

<A - Scott D. MacDonald>: Yeah. So, you have the timing associated with when you're receiving the bigger movies 
from the summer and those hit us this time of the year. And as we've said before, we're seeing – we're in the period now 
where we're seeing the rate card reductions with both Sony and Disney, that we – the amount we pay on a per film 
basis. So that continues to be a big piece of our strategy using those savings overall to help with the ramp-up in our 
original programming. 

<Q - Vasily D. Karasyov>: And just to remind us, those savings kick-in in the second half of this year, right? 

<A - Scott D. MacDonald>: No. They've already kicked in and we'll see them in here over the next I would say three 
years or so all through the time period prior to when the Disney content rolls off the networks. 

<Q - Vasily D. Karasyov>: So, it's fair to say that in Q1, it was an elevated level of spending there? 

<A - Scott D. MacDonald>: Yes. I mean I think the previous question, you'll typically see more in the first half of the 
year just given that timing associated with when the shows – the bigger box office shows come to us. 

<Q - Vasily D. Karasyov>: Okay. And then do the results in the distribution segment already include the licensing 
revenue from The White Queen international deals? 

<A - Scott D. MacDonald>: The White Queen is currently in distribution around the world, both television, home 
video et cetera. So, we do have White Queen results running through the distribution operating segment at this point. 

<Q - Vasily D. Karasyov>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Scott D. MacDonald>: And it will continue... 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Yeah, but that will continue, those payments continue over time. 


<Q - Vasily D. Karasyov>: Okay. And then we should – if I'm reading your press release correctly then, how it should 
kick in, in the second half of the year right? 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Yes, we're out in the marketplace. We've been out in the marketplace with Power 
now since the MIPTV, which was four weeks ago. 

<Q - Vasily D. Karasyov>: But you don't make it available until the U.S. premiere, therefore you can't recognize 
revenue yet? 

<A - Scott D. MacDonald>: That's correct. 

<Q - Vasily D. Karasyov>: Okay. Thank you very much. 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Thank you, Vasily. 

Operator 

Barton Crockett from FBR Capital has a question. 

<Q - Barton Crockett>: Okay. Thanks for taking my question. I was curious about the opportunity to get value out of 
subscription VOD with landscape having changed a little bit with HBO selling its library rights to Amazon. I was 
curious, do you guys have any type of opportunity in library, I mean they're focusing particularly on three year old 
shows and not everything. Do you guys have three year old content that could potentially be sold to things like 
Amazon? 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Yes, we do. Yes, we do. Well meaningful is a word I want to avoid, but we have a 
much smaller library obviously than HBO does. We've been at this game for a lot shorter period than they have been. 
Having said that, we do think we have some titles in our library that are potentially desirable on other platforms. And 
certainly when we have the opportunity to go out and acquire revenue without hurting our businesses, we're going to 
look very seriously at those opportunities. So, you think that the HBO Amazon deal is a very encouraging sign that 
shows the really high value that is continually placed on these high quality premium series that are so desirable by the 
distributors, by their customers, and now by, obviously, other platforms. So, we think it's great news for our category, 
and we look forward to being able to walk that walk. 

<Q - Barton Crockett>: Okay. And then, if I could, follow-up with another question here, just to make sure I 
understand it. International licensing for your Originals, what is already in the distribution number that we're seeing and 
what is to come over the next two quarters or three quarters? 

<A - Scott D. MacDonald>: When you look at the distribution results, they include all the shows that have been 
released. So, for example, you have revenue associated with Spartacus, and this goes on for a number of years. I mean, 
those shows are in various stages of distribution. So, you have Spartacus, Magic City, The White Queen, et cetera, in 
those results. And the newer shows you're not going to see those actually running through our financials until around 
the time that they're aired on the Starz Network. 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: And, we also continue – we continue to sell these shows. There are a lot of shows that 
are being sold around the world, sometimes you have the opportunity to sell the show for season, sometimes some 
buyers in certain territories will hold back, until the network orders a second season or they see how the first season 
performs. So, this is an ongoing process. It's not as if we dropped the title in the marketplace and all of the business 
activity occurs, at one time or in a short period of time. So these are things that will continue to be marketed and 
licensed, by our sales team, and we'll continue to see those results flow through our numbers. 

<Q - Barton Crockett>: But, did you have Black Sails in there, this quarter in particular, in the March quarter? 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Some of Black Sails was in there. 


<Q - Barton Crockett>: Okay. And then the Amazon Prime deal was that in there or is that to come? 

<A - Scott D. MacDonald>: Not in the first quarter results. 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Right. 

<Q - Barton Crockett>: Okay. Great. Thank you. 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Thank you, Barton. 

Operator 

And our next call comes from Doug Mitchelson from Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - Megan Durkin>: Hi. This is Megan Durkin in for Doug. It sounded from your comments earlier that the 
subscriber loss quarter-to-quarter came from more than just one distributor, is that the right way to think about it. And 
then I didn't see the breakdown of fixed versus consignments of in the 10-Q. So, can you tell us where the sub losses 
fell, in which bucket? And, then housekeeping, I just wanted to see, can you tell us how big the legal settlement was 
last year? 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Okay. Can't talk about the legal settlement. There are a lot of subscriber – we have 
lots of distribution agreements, we have lots of distributors. There's always up and down activity across the board. So, 
the results that you're seeing are not just from one distributor. As I mentioned, we're seeing encouraging results from 
Time Warner. And, with regard to fixed and consignment, we are focusing on the revenue that comes from the deals we 
have in place and it often becomes not quite as clear, when we talk about what consignment or what fixed numbers 
were involved in any particular fluctuation up or down. But, it is fair to say that because those results have come across 
a number of different distributors, that you can also assume that they came across a number of different kinds of deals. 

<Q - Megan Durkin>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: You're welcome. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Ben Mogil from Stifel. Go ahead. 

<Q - Ben Mogil>: Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. So a number of them have been asked, so just 
sort of one quick one. Chris, when you look at the HBO, Amazon deal and more importantly, look at the three-year 
window between sort of the time it airs until the time it shows up on Amazon and that they didn't sort of announce 
anything around Games of Thrones or True Detective. What's your thought on the sort of right window that sort of 
appeases your MSO partners, but also is sort of new enough that customers sort of get back and reinvigorated, in that 
case with HBO, in your case with Starz? So curious how you think about the windowing if you were to go and do an 
SVOD deal in the future. 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Yeah, that's a really important and good question. And I think I would again point to 
the HBO deal, that's good news for Starz, because it not only suggest that there is a real market out there, but it also sets 
a precedent for monetizing your programs domestically on SVOD platforms. It's not just an issue for us of appeasing 
our distribution partners, I think it's also in our strategy thinking about – the products that we really market are the 
STARZ and ENCORE brands, MOVIEPLEX brand as well, but to a much greater extent the STARZ and ENCORE 
brands. 

And with regard to the value that these shows continue to have in VOD, I mean in – On Demand, sorry, on our STARZ 
PLAY platforms, we're going to look at the most opportune time for Starz to take advantage of any licensing interest or 
opportunities for our programs. Looking at what's the best decision for our businesses. Now, while certainly our 


relationships with our distributors are important, it's not the only factor. But again, I'll go back to – I think the HBO 
deal is good news for Starz and we were happy to see it. 

<Q - Ben Mogil>: And does that three-year window, because it's HBO, does that end up becoming the benchmark that 
everyone has to move towards, you feel you can maybe kind of go over a little shorter, get maybe paid a little bit more 
and still kind of have every – still sort of keep the brand protection that you spoke about earlier? 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Yeah. I don't see shorter or longer necessarily, I think the HBO deal with regard to 
those series and it's not to say that every deal that they will make, I don't know what their plans are, but I don't know 
that if that's going to be the standard for every one of their deals. I certainly think it puts a stake in the ground at a 
certain point, but we don't look at that as the way that the business has to be done in every case going forward. 

<Q - Ben Mogil>: Okay. That's great. Thanks, Chris. Appreciate the color. 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: Thank you. 

Operator 

And our final question comes from Tony Wible from Janney Capital Markets. Go ahead. 

<Q - Tony Wible>: Thanks. Two questions. One, I wanted to clear up the new rate reset that you saw on the back half 
of the year on the output deal. That rate will be in place through the exploration of your current contracts with Sony and 
Disney, in other words there is not another step down? And then, the follow-up to that would be Dish and Charter, 
when was the last time you guys renewed those deals? And I know you've done a number of carriage renewals, were 
they, were those two part of those last round of renewals that you did in 2012, 2013? 

<A - Christopher P. Albrecht>: So, we're not going to comment on any of the terms of – any of our affiliate deals, but 
Scott will give you an answer on the output question. 

<A - Scott D. MacDonald>: So, right now, and it actually began last year, we are in the middle of these reductions that 
we're seeing on the rate cards with both Sony and Disney. So, that's going to continue here over the next, if I can say 
three years or so. And then, when you get to the end of 2018, the Disney content will have fully amortized out of our 
P&L, and then we expect to have – be in that 65 hours to 75 hours of original programming at that point utilizing those 
savings. 

Christopher P. Albrecht 

Yeah. Listen, thanks for your interest and thanks for all the good questions. We look forward to talking to you in the 
near future. 

Operator 

And that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation and have a great day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 


© COPYRIGHT 2014, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


