Q3 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Tom Scottino, Senior Investor Relations Manager 
• Robert W. Pullen, Chief Executive Officer and President 
• Timothy J. Wiggins, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
Other Participants 

• Simona Jankowski 
• Tal Liani 
• Alex Henderson 
• Jim Suva 
• Ehud Gelblum 
• Michael Genovese 
• Nikos Theodosopoulos 
• Rod Hall 
• Mark Sue 
• Simon Leopold 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning, my name is Susan and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome 
everyone to the Tellabs Investor Relations Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] After the speakers' remarks, there 
will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Tom Scottino, you may begin your 
conference. 

Tom Scottino, Senior Investor Relations Manager 

Thank you, Susan, and good morning, everyone. With me today are Tellabs CEO, Rob Pullen, and our Executive Vice 
President and CFO, Tim Wiggins. If you haven't seen the news release we issued this morning, you can access it at our 
tellabs.com website. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that the presentation contains forward-looking statements 
about future results, performance and achievements, financial and otherwise. These statements reflect management's 
current expectations, estimates and assumptions. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future 
performance and involve risks, uncertainties or other factors that may cause Tellabs' actual results, performance or 
achievements to be materially different. A discussion of the factors that may affect future results is contained in 
Tellabs' most recent SEC filings. The forward-looking statements made in this presentation are being made as of the 
time and date of its live presentation. If this presentation is reviewed after the time and date of its live presentation, it 
may not contain current or accurate information. Tellabs disclaims any obligation to update or revise any 
forward-looking statement based on new information, future events or otherwise. This presentation may also include 
some non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations between non-GAAP financial measures and GAAP financial 
measures can be found at our tellabs.com website and our SEC filings. Having said that, I'll turn the call over to Rob. 


Robert W. Pullen, Chief Executive Officer and President 

Thanks, Tom, and good morning, everyone. We look at the Tellabs strategic focus on the smart mobile Internet 
generated profitable revenue growth again in the third quarter. We had revenue up 10% and we doubled earnings per 
share compared with a year ago. We'll talk about the fourth quarter in a few minutes. 

Over the past two years, we've advanced Tellabs' strategy by focusing our investments in growth products, growth 
services and growth markets. That strategy is succeeding because Tellabs has a deep understanding of our customers' 
networks and their businesses. We bring them innovative new ideas, especially to address the pain points such as 
growth of the mobile data traffic, while they have flattening average revenue per user [inaudible]. We make our 
solutions work for our customers by combining best of breed products with expert professional services. 

As you know, our customers are building network capacity to keep up with the mobile data traffic growth. Tellabs is 
strongly positioned in our industry leading mobile backhaul and increasingly our mobile packet core solutions. 

Now let's look at the third quarter. Tellabs' third quarter story is one of strong year-over-year growth in international 
markets and in data and in Transport. For the past couple of years, Tellabs has increased our sales and services 
resources in international markets. This is no news to any of you. We had a particular emphasis in Brazil, Russia, India, 
China, and South Africa. Now our international business initiative is clearly taking root. 

In the third quarter, Tellabs won a dozen new international customers for our growth products. Year-to-date, 44 new 
international customers have chosen Tellabs' growth products. We're moving in the right direction. 

Our third quarter international bookings were the highest in two years. Our third quarter international revenue rose 14% 
over a year ago and 42% sequentially, as we'd indicated on our previous call. 

As our international business gains momentum, Tellabs expects a higher percentage of our fourth quarter orders and 
revenue to come from international. Tellabs' international business is focused on growth products. About 52% of 
Tellabs' overall third quarter revenue came from growth products, up from about 45% a year ago. Our data revenue 
grew 35% compared with a year ago. And Transport revenue was the strongest in 10 quarters, that's probably since the 
first quarter of 2008. Our Transport revenue was driven by strong digital cross-connect revenue and record revenue 
from the Tellabs 7100 Optical Transport System, which is increasingly deployed to enable mobile networks. 

Tellabs' profits grew in the third quarter. Our GAAP gross profit margins were 50.2% up from 41.7% a year ago. And 
GAAP earnings were $0.15 a share, up from $0.07 a share a year ago. 

Now let's turn to the fourth quarter. As we've said earlier, international revenue is expected to increase in fourth 
quarter; North American revenue is forecast to be down. So in the fourth quarter, we expect revenue to be in the range 
of probably 410 to 430 million, which is up from 389 million in the fourth quarter of 2009. 

We expect fourth quarter gross margin to be 44%, plus or minus one or two points. It'll depend on product mix, but it's 
dominantly as a result of anticipated lower cross-connect sales. We expect fourth quarter 2010 non-GAAP operating 
expenses to be in the mid to high 140 million as a result of higher R&D spending, dominantly in our growth products. 
This excludes approximately 6 million in equity-based compensation. And the fourth quarter non-GAAP tax rate's 
going to be around 32%. 

Now let's look forward. We are determined that Tellabs will compete for and win customers in the mobile backhaul 
networks and the mobile packet call – excuse me, mobile packet core. We're going to give our customers two transition 
paths towards Ethernet and fourth generation wireless, fourth generation wireless being Long Term Evolution and 
WiMAX. We're going to evolve the embedded base and we're going to offer next generation products. We're going to 
offer higher density Ethernet to allow our customers transition to the – a fourth generation backhaul and the packet 
core. It's going to be a low risk, least cost migration to evolve the embedded base. 

We're also evolving and developing next generation products for Ethernet optimization and 4G mobile backhaul. For 
example, we are extending the 8600 series with two new products announced yesterday. The Tellabs 8609 and 8611 
systems are higher density products for Ethernet mobile backhaul and they'll come to market next year in 2011. The 


8609 has 10 gigabits of capacity in one rack unit. It's pretty impressive technology. 

Looking further into the future, we're working on next generation platforms for the mobile Internet. To be clear, we're 
advancing our strategy. It's proven to be successful for Tellabs in the marketplace. We remain confident that Tellabs' 
focus on the smart mobile Internet is the right one and we're putting more muscle behind the mobile Internet as we go 
forward. 

Going forward, we're intensifying our focus on innovative growth products. Today, roughly 85% of our R&D 
investment goes into growth products. We're hiring all around the world. We're recruiting engineers, sales executives, 
and service professionals who have Ethernet and IP expertise. 

Now let's turn to customers. Service providers continue to choose Tellabs to help them succeed with the smart mobile 
Internet. Today, we are working with about 150 mobile customers around the world. During the third quarter, the 
Tellabs 7100 Optical Transport System gained six new customers, two in North America and four in international 
markets. Last week, we announced our work with Telmex in Chile and, as I mentioned, other customers. In the third 
quarter, the Tellabs 8600 and 8800 systems gained seven new customers, one in North America and six in international 
markets, and all markets both in Asia Pac, Europe, the Middle East and Africa and North America. And the Tellabs 
9100 SmartCore platform gained two new customers, both in international. That brings us to a total of 12 SmartCore 
customers and in addition, we keep on working on 20 active trials. 

We continue to return capital to shareholders for our share buyback and dividends. During the third quarter, Tellabs 
repurchased about 15.6 million shares at a cost of about $111 million. Over the past five years, we have bought more 
than 25% of Tellabs' shares outstanding. Under previously announced board authorizations, Tellabs still has room to 
buy around 275 million shares. Tellabs plans to continue returning capital to stockholders through dividends and share 
repurchases. 

Now let's look at the mobile Internet. We're early in the game. Here's why I say that. One, user demands for smart 
phones and tablets is very strong and data traffic is surging. There's still a lot of room for growth. Two, so far about 150 
mobile carriers have chosen Tellabs to power the mobile Internet. We are offering them two ways to transition to 
fourth-generation networks. As I said, a low-cost migration in the embedded base and next generation platforms. Three, 
looking ahead, machine-to-machine communications are coming in a big way as smart grids and other applications 
continue to be deployed. That's why we're confident in Tellabs' ability to generate profitable revenue as we help 
customers succeed with the smart mobile Internet. 

Now our Chief Financial Officer, Tim Wiggins, will share detailed results from the quarter and then both of us will take 
your questions. 

Timothy J. Wiggins, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks, Rob, and good morning, everyone. To begin with, I'd like to make a few observations about the quarter. We 
saw sequential revenue growth in what is seasonally a lower revenue quarter for us and solid year-over-year revenue 
growth. Gross margin continued to expand on a year-over-year basis. While operating expenses are up on a 
year-over-year in real dollar terms, we've kept them flat as a percent of total revenue. And we generated 74 million in 
cash from operations, which enabled us to pay a dividend and spend 111 million to repurchase our shares while 
maintaining nearly 1.2 billion in cash and marketable securities. 

Let's get to the specifics. Total revenue for the third quarter of 2010 increased to 429 million, up 2% from 423 million 
in the second quarter of this year and at the midpoint of the guidance range we gave you in July. On a year-over-year 
basis, total revenue for the quarter was up 10% compared with the third quarter of last year. On a sequential basis, 
Transport segment revenue grew. The Service segment was essentially flat and Broadband segment declined. 

Within Transport, we saw increased revenue from both digital cross-connect and optical transport systems. Looking at 
the Broadband segment, sequential growth in access and manage access products was offset by an anticipated decline 
in data product revenue. 


GAAP net earnings were 57 million in the third quarter. That's nearly double the 29 million or $0.07 a share we 
achieved in the third quarter of 2009. On a non-GAAP basis, net earnings for the third quarter of 2010, excluding 
charges for special items, were 59 million or $0.16 per share and 15% per diluted share. If you take 59 million in 
non-GAAP net income and subtract 7.4 million or $0.013 a share for equity-based comp, and that's to be consistent 
with the way First Call Reuters compiles and reports estimates for Tellabs, the result is $0.14 in diluted non-GAAP 
EPS for the third quarter. 

On a portfolio basis, revenue from our growth portfolio, which includes the Tellabs 6300 Managed Transport System, 
the Tellabs 7100 Optical Transport System, the Tellabs 7300 Metro Ethernet Switching Series, Tellabs 8600 Managed 
Edge, Tellabs 8800 Multiservice Router series, the Tellabs SmartCore 9100 platform and professional services 
accounted for 52% of total revenue in the third quarter. Year-to-date, the growth portfolio accounts for 55% of total 
revenue. 

On a geographic basis, revenue from customers outside North America grew, as expected, to account for 31% of total 
revenue in the third quarter, up from 22% in the prior quarter. 

Let's take a look at the segment data for the third quarter. Broadband segment revenue for the third quarter of 2010 was 
199 million, and that compares with 229 million in the prior quarter. Our data product family includes the Tellabs 7300 
Metro Ethernet Switching Series, the Tellabs 8600 Managed Edge System, the Tellabs 8800 Multiservice Router and 
the Tellabs 9100 platform. 

The 7300 system, for those of you who are unfamiliar with the platform, is a family of Ethernet aggregation devices 
that work together with our 88, 86, and 7100 platforms to deliver carrier Ethernet services. While revenue from this 
product was insignificant this quarter, we expect the 7300 will be a growing part of our data portfolio. 

Revenue from the data product category was 111 million in the third quarter of 2010. While that's down, as anticipated, 
from the record 159 million we achieved in the second quarter of 2010, it's our third best revenue quarter in data. 
Increased revenue from the Tellabs 8600 Managed Edge system was offset by lower revenue from the Tellabs 8800 
Multiservice Router product. 

Looking at the first nine months of 2010, data continues to be our fastest growing product category. Data revenue grew 
59% to 400 million in the first nine months of 2010 compared with the comparable period of last year. Access revenue 
grew to 58 million in the third quarter, up 44% from 40 million in the prior quarter. While we saw increased revenue 
from all products in the access category, the sequential growth was largely driven by an anticipated increase in sales of 
single-family ONTs. 

Turning to the managed access category, revenue in the third quarter of 2010 came in at 30 million, consistent with the 
prior quarter. Higher revenue from our Tellabs 6300 Managed Transport System was offset by lower revenue from the 
Tellabs 8100 Managed Access System. Taking all that into account, Broadband segment profit for the third quarter of 
2010, driven primarily by lower level of data revenue, was 49 million compared with 86 million in the prior quarter. 

In the Transport segment, revenue grew to 170 million in the third quarter of 2010, up 28% from 133 million in the 
prior quarter. We saw increased revenue from both digital cross-connect and optical transport systems on both a 
sequential and year-over-year basis. Transport segment profit, driven primarily by the higher overall revenue level, was 
71 million in the third quarter, up 38% from 52 million in the prior quarter. 

Services segment revenue was 60 million in 3Q and 61 million in 2Q. Services segment profit amounted to 23 million, 
up 2 million on lower cost from 21 million in the second quarter of 2010. 

On a gross margin basis, non-GAAP gross margin for the third quarter of 2010 was 50.5%. That's down 3.3 percentage 
points from 53.8 in the prior quarter and consistent with the guidance we gave you in July. Gross margin is dependent 
on product and customer mix, as Rob mentioned. The shift this quarter is attributed to a number of moving pieces, the 
largest of which was lower level of data product revenue, which contributed about 4.5 points of margin decline. The 
effect of increased revenue from lower margin ONTs and optical transport systems was more than offset by increased 
revenue from higher margin digital cross-connect and SDH transport systems. This shift provided about a 0.5 point of 


improvement. In addition, we saw another 0.5 point of overall margin improvement from higher Services gross margin. 

Turning to operating expenses, total operating expenses on a non-GAAP basis came in at 138 million. Non-GAAP 
R&D expenses for the quarter grew to 174 million, or slightly more than 17% of revenue. SG&A expenses for the 
quarter declined to 64 million. Other income amounted to 7 million in the third quarter compared with 5 million in the 
prior quarter due largely to gains on sales of marketable securities. Moving forward, we expect other income in the 
fourth quarter to decline as a result of lower anticipated gains on the sales of marketable securities. 

Our tax provision on non-GAAP pre-tax income for the quarter was 28 million for an effective tax rate of 32%. 

Turning to the balance sheet now, during the quarter, we generated 74 million in cash flow from operations. CapEx was 
17 million for the quarter and DSO was 63 days, consistent with the prior quarter. Inventory turns were 5.8 times, up 
from 5.7 at the end of the second quarter. At the end of the third quarter, inventory in terms of dollars was 142 million, 
compared with 136 million at the end of the prior quarter. The increase in inventory is related to our efforts to mitigate 
component and supply constraints. 

During the quarter, we returned almost 8 million to shareholders via our quarterly cash dividend. At the same time we 
purchased 15.6 million shares of our stock at a cost of about 111 million. 

Back in August of 2009, the board of directors directed management to actively repurchase 200 million shares of our 
common stock over the following four quarters. Since that time we purchased 29.4 million shares at a cost of 202 
million. 275 million shares remain – I'm sorry, 275 million remains under a previously authorized 600 million 
repurchase program and we intend to continue to repurchase shares. 

The actual number of shares outstanding at quarter's end was about 370 million, down from 385 million at the end of 
Q2. Head count at the end of the quarter stood at approximately 3,300. Book to bill was just below one for the quarter 
and above one for the first nine months of the year. 

Turning to our outlook for the final quarter this year, based on orders in 3Q, backlog and given the overall market 
conditions, we are guiding for fourth quarter revenue to be in a range between 410 million and 430 million. On a 
year-over-year basis, that equates to between 5 and 10% revenue growth. We expect gross margin in the fourth quarter 
to be 44% plus or minus a point or two. A lower level of revenue from digital cross-connect systems drives most of this 
anticipated change. A mix shift within data products and higher revenue from ONTs also contributes to the lower 
overall gross margin guidance. 

We expect non-GAAP OPEX for the fourth quarter to be up in dollars and land in the mid to high 140 million range as 
we continue to spend on R&D, particularly for growth products in combination with the anticipated spend on parts and 
prototypes. In addition, we expect the effective expensing equity based compensation in the fourth quarter will be about 
6 million, split between operating expenses and cost of goods sold. 

Having said all that, we're now ready to open the floor to your questions. Susan, we're ready for the first question. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Simona Jankowski with Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - Simona Jankowski>: Hi, good morning, thank you so much. Can you just give us a little bit more color on the 
sequential decline you're expecting for your revenues in the fourth quarter? Normally, obviously, that's a seasonally 
strong quarter for you and for CapEx, but I would just love to dig into that a little bit more. 

<A - Robert W. Pullen, Chief Executive Officer and President>: We're giving you guidance based on all the 
information we know. We have some customers that will be slightly up in the fourth quarter and some that will be 
slightly down in capital expenditures. But our biggest impact, as I mentioned already, is our – we anticipate our 


cross-connect sales will be slightly down from third quarter to fourth quarter. Demand was strong in the first three 
quarters of the year and candidly we're on a path to sell more cross-connects in 2010 than we did in 2009, but we 
believe that customers are optimizing their networks and consuming inventory. 

<A - Timothy J. Wiggins, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Let me add a little color to that 
and maybe just to correct something Rob said, we expect that our cross-connects will be down more than slightly. In 
fact, they're likely going to be somewhere in the range of about half of what they were in the third quarter. If you look 
at our Transport segment, which was nearly 170 million in 3Q, our current information suggests that that Transport 
segment would be similar to levels that we saw in 2Q of 2010, which is in the mid 130 range. So with that exception of 
weakness in the cross-connect, we see strength in the 7100 and we potentially growth in each of our other categories, 
access, manage access and data, between the third quarter and the fourth quarter. So this is very much a cross-connect 
story in the fourth quarter. And that's why we've also had a significant change to our margin guidance in the fourth 
quarter as well 

<A - Robert W. Pullen, Chief Executive Officer and President>: Thanks, Tim, I agree. 

<Q - Simona Jankowski>: And just on that cross-connect decline, is that more a function of your customers just 
having enough in their inventory and just working that down in the fourth quarter or are you seeing their network 
architecture transitioning away a little faster than you would have expected? And if the latter, what is it – what's driving 
that and what are you seeing on that side? 

<A - Robert W. Pullen, Chief Executive Officer and President>: Well, first of all, it's not the latter, but the network 
continues to transition. It's been moving that way for a decade. But as I mentioned earlier, we believe customers are 
optimizing their network and consuming the inventory. We had a strong first three quarters of the year, and as I 
mentioned a moment ago, we're on a path to sell more cross-connects in 2010 than 2009, notwithstanding the decline 
from third quarter to fourth quarter. 

<Q - Simona Jankowski>: Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Tal Liani with Bank of America. 

<Q - Tal Liani>: Hi. I have – my question is about the same topic. If I look at 2009, your margin ranged from 22 – 
sorry, 42 to about 46 at the high end, while the three quarters of this year it was above 50%. So was this year abnormal, 
meaning do you have – is it all related to backhaul buildup at AT&T and other carriers in North America? And when 
we model it out, should we model 44, 45% going forward because that's more the steady state? That's question number 
one. 

Question number two, about the same topic, what is the impact of OEM sales, which means if you sell through 
Ericsson in India or you sell through Juniper or anyone else, first, how much it contributes to your business, and 
second, what's the impact on gross margins? Thanks. 

<A - Timothy J. Wiggins, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Tal, it's Tim. Let me take the 
first question. Those of you that followed the story recall as we went around and people asked us what we thought our 
steady state margin was a year ago, I would tell people somewhere in the range where we were. But we quickly always 
add that our business is a function of mix. We have a series of products that have margins above our corporate average 
and several that are below, and depending on how that mix is playing out. In terms of your question, in 2010, it was a 
combination of strong sales of our data products where we saw significant growth, in combination with some growth in 
our cross-connects. And so I wouldn't call it abnormal. I think it's a function of what our customers' needs are and what 
kind of mix of our products are we selling. 

So the 4Q, you were seeing a significant falloff of the cross-connects, as we've mentioned, and growth of the other 
product categories. So in terms of next year, I wish I knew. We certainly didn't anticipate the kind of slowdown that 


we're guiding toward in the fourth quarter, so it's a little hard for us to digest or to tell. But certainly it's a function of 
what kinds of mixes we're seeing. And I guess that's what they pay you guys the big bucks for is to make those 
assumptions in your model. 

<A - Robert W. Pullen, Chief Executive Officer and President>: I would also just add, Tim, that we do sell 
equipment, Tal, through both our partners, Ericsson and Nokia Siemens, to name a couple. It's not significant and the – 
our margins are slightly above corporate average margins. 

<Q - Tal Liani>: Just going back, if you don't mind, to Tim's answer, the question – what I'm trying to understand is – 
and I understand you cannot give us a number – a specific number for next year, but what I'm trying to understand is, is 
the 44% for next quarter a depressed level because of concentration of declines, maybe some inventories that you had 
in the channels build up – inventory build up over the last three quarters? So is the 44% a normal level or is it depressed 
for whatever reason? 

<A - Timothy J. Wiggins, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Tal, it's Tim again, let me try 
another swing at that. I believe it is depressed given some of the peculiarities in the channel. Typically we see strength 
in the first part of the year as budgets are replenished and the mix goes positive. So it's our hope sitting on the ground 
today we'd see an uptick in margins in Q1 and strength in the first half and the second half of next year is kind of 
outside of my vision at this point. 

<Q - Tal Liani>: Thank you. 

<A - Timothy J. Wiggins, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Alex Henderson with Miller Tabak. 

<Q - Alex Henderson>: Hey, guys. 

<A - Timothy J. Wiggins, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Good morning, Alex. 

<A - Robert W. Pullen, Chief Executive Officer and President>: Hi. 

<Q - Alex Henderson>: So can you talk a little between the mix between blades and chassis over the last couple of 
quarters, particularly around the cross-connect piece? And second, can you talk a little bit about what's going on in your 
Transport business in the optical ROADM segment and what you're seeing relative to that? Because that's actually – 
looked like one of the stronger spots. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about what's going on there. 

<A - Robert W. Pullen, Chief Executive Officer and President>: So, Alex, let me take a shot at that. First, the new 
system revenue for our cross-connects in third quarter of 2010 was around 23%, which was up from the prior quarters 
and our port interfaces were about 74% in that same quarter. And software upgrades was the difference. That's maybe 
the first answer to your question. Second is, is that we were up in our 7100 Optical Transport. We're gaining market 
share around the world at this point. As I mentioned in some of my highlights, we gained six new customers, two in 
North America and four in international markets, for the 7100 and we expect slightly stronger sales in 4Q versus 3Q of 
the 7100. 

<Q - Alex Henderson>: On the Transport side, are you seeing some pressure as we move from two and four 
dimensional ROADMs to 8 dimension plus ROADMs from increased component costs impacting your bill of materials 
and therefore causing some increase in the cost of those devices? Or can you pass the increased bill of materials 
through? 

<A - Robert W. Pullen, Chief Executive Officer and President>: We're – today we're pass – there is an increased 
bill of materials with an eight-degree ROADM versus a two-degree. And we're able to pass – we believe we're able to 
pass that on to our customers. But, Alex, we have a mix of what we're deploying out in the field, two-degree, 


four-degree and eight-degree ROADMs. 

<Q - Alex Henderson>: Okay. One last question on the ROADM side. So as we go to 100 gigabit deployments later in 
2011 and through 2012, without a full footprint of long-haul backbone and metro, does that put you at a disadvantage in 
competing for that business as there is a shift to large RFQ/RFPs? 

<A - Robert W. Pullen, Chief Executive Officer and President>: Well, I believe first of all, that 100 gig will be 
deployed in the long-haul. Tellabs is not in that market at this point, Alex. We're taking our strong position in the metro 
ROADM space and trying to extend its reach from that metro level increasingly into long-haul. But we should have 
little impact as we go forward. 

<Q - Alex Henderson>: Even though 100 gig is not backward compatible with 10 gig. 

<A - Robert W. Pullen, Chief Executive Officer and President>: I'm not sure what your point is. 

<Q - Alex Henderson>: If it's not backward compatible, you're going to need to build both a metro and a long-haul 
simultaneously, right? 

<A - Robert W. Pullen, Chief Executive Officer and President>: No, we're actually developing a 100 gig that's 
compatible with the current architecture and it'll be deployed in the metro space for the interoffice facility backbone. 

<Q - Alex Henderson>: Thank you. 

<A - Robert W. Pullen, Chief Executive Officer and President>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Jim Suva with Citi. 

<Q - Jim Suva>: Thank you very much, gentlemen, for your time. A quick question. Can you walk us through and 
give us a little bit of an update on the timing of your new pure Ethernet product based mobile backhaul product 
offerings such as is it going to be set for customer sampling in kind of Q4-Q1 time period and does it normally take a 
couple quarters for sampling before deployment? Or walk us through your Ethernet based mobile backhaul. 

<A - Robert W. Pullen, Chief Executive Officer and President>: Well, first of all, Jim, the – we're doing extension 
to the embedded base of the 86 and 8800. We already have Ethernet today, let me make that point perfectly clear. So 
we have Ethernet today. We're doing extensions on the 8600 in the fourth quarter this year for higher density and 
higher speed, 10 gigabit Ethernet. We're also doing extensions to the 8800 in the first half of next year. I also 
mentioned we announced yesterday that we're developing new platforms, the 8609 and 8611. That'll be in the first half 
of next year. And typically it takes one to two quarters for evaluation and deployment. We're also developing our next 
generation platform for the hubbing point, which will be a combined service node, packet core and Ethernet aggregator, 
and that will likely be introduced in the second half of next year. 

<Q - Jim Suva>: Thank you very much for your details. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Ehud Gelblum with Morgan Stanley. 

<Q - Ehud Gelblum>: Hi, thank you very much. First of all, can you just give us – Tim, can you give us the T1 
equivalents on the cross-connects? I know you haven't given that much lately, but since it was so large just to get a 
handle on a unit wise number for that. 

<A - Timothy J. Wiggins, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: 1.3 million. 


<Q - Ehud Gelblum>: Okay. And so we should be looking at that being cut in half on a unit basis next quarter? That 
was sort of what you were alluding to in your guidance for Q4? 

<A - Timothy J. Wiggins, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yes. In terms of revenue, yes. 

<Q - Ehud Gelblum>: That would be roughly the same for units, there's no price adjustment on that? 

<A - Timothy J. Wiggins, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Should be, should be. 

<Q - Ehud Gelblum>: Okay. As we – you had several questions on the gross margin prior. As we look at the 
Broadband data category, that clearly had a nice multiquarter run up into where it was the prior quarter, now it's on its 
way back down again. How do we model that now that AT&T seems to be kind of beyond peak buying pressure? How 
do we model that? Is that naturally closer to 100 million a quarter business? I know they're new customers and they 
might start coming in as well, but should that be roughly around $100 million a quarter business? And then as a new 
customer comes in, it can go back up to 110, 120 and then kind of come back? Or what's the kind of the average run 
rate of that when someone isn't coming in with a large order? 

<A - Timothy J. Wiggins, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, I think the first point is 
that we've talked about seeing growth based on our current view in the fourth quarter from three quarter. So that's the 
first data point. I think in terms of some other data points that we mentioned on the call is that we see in 4Q a mix shift 
to 86 from 88 and some of those 86 customers are international and that has a slightly negative impact on our margins, 
at least in our view, in the model. 

In terms of going forward, the trick here, Ehud, is to continue to increase the applications where we're in customers 
where we have over 140, is to add existing customers and it's also continue to support rollouts of North American 
customers where they have a need for multiservice. So certainly our objective is to continue to see this business grow. 
What the future will bring, hard to tell at this moment, but that's the objective. We've seen good growth here. We did 
certainly have an opportunity to support a particular customer this year. We're glad that they called on us to do it and 
our products work well. And we'd like to have that continue to track at those levels, but we're going to continue to drive 
the underlying strategy, recognizing that, okay, we got some additional revenues above where we expected to be, but 
we're going to continue to march down our path to execute on our growth strategy for the data business. 

<Q - Ehud Gelblum>: Okay. If I can look at another part of the data business, the 9100, you said it was up this 
quarter. Can you give us a sense to where it was and how we're tracking? 

<A - Robert W. Pullen, Chief Executive Officer and President>: It was up slightly this quarter, but it's below plan, 
Ehud. Some of our customers have – not all of them, but some of them have moved from deploying WiMAX to Long 
Term Evolution, and so it's delayed the purchasing of that. So we – unfortunately, we'll be below plan this year but 
we're optimistic that we – as I said, we added two new customers this past quarter bringing us to 12 customers and we 
have 20 customers in active trials as we speak. 

<Q - Ehud Gelblum>: Now are those active trials for WiMAX or for LTE? 

<A - Robert W. Pullen, Chief Executive Officer and President>: They're for WiMAX right now. We're actually – 
we're deploying LTE. It will be available this quarter. 

<Q - Ehud Gelblum>: Okay, so most of the 20 trials are also for WiMAX? 

<A - Robert W. Pullen, Chief Executive Officer and President>: Yes. 

<Q - Ehud Gelblum>: Okay. And then finally, the OPEX, Tim, it was up around 7 million and it looks like it will be 
up around 7 million or so next quarter as well, just in rough terms. 

<A - Timothy J. Wiggins, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yes. 

<Q - Ehud Gelblum>: Baked in your guidance. Does that – how do we look at that going forward? Is that – you've 
always been very good at holding the line at OPEX at certain points, I'm guessing there are clear reasons in terms your 


growth product, the 9100 maybe being one of them and the 7300 as well. But does that keep going up at that kind of 
pace for a couple more quarters or do we level out there in the high 140s, 150. 

<A - Timothy J. Wiggins, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: We're going to have to reassess 
it, Ehud. We've had a year, most of the year, which has performed above our expectations and I think we mentioned on 
the last couple calls that we're going to accelerate our investment for future products. So we've made those 
commitments. And so we're seeing some lumpiness come – well, partially there's underlying growth, as Rob 
mentioned. We're hiring in particular markets and technologies. 

So we have in the fourth quarter some of the programs come due, we'll reassess based on where we see the business 
and margins how we play that going forward. We do have some control there. We do believe in the long-term 
positioning of the company. We like the longer-term prospects. The developments in terms of our fourth quarter are 
fairly recent for us and so we have the same feelings, I suspect, that some of you do in terms of the revenue and the 
margin. 

But I think what we need to do is maintain our resolve. We like where we are. We see great opportunity. There's a big 
wave that's coming at us and we think we're well positioned to take advantage of it. So sometimes you've got to work 
through the disappointment and decide what's best for the business. Those are all things that we'll work through. 
Suffice it to say that in 4Q we're basically just playing out the hand that we committed to the first part of the year and 
as we get – take a look at next year, we'll reassess whether we continue to make those investments and at what levels. 

<Q - Ehud Gelblum>: Okay. I appreciate it. Thank you. 

<A - Robert W. Pullen, Chief Executive Officer and President>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Michael Genovese with Soleil Securities. 

<Q - Michael Genovese>: Great. Thanks a lot. It looks like you're probably going to come in at about 8% top line 
growth for this year, but you've maybe had some extraordinary growth in the backhaul related products, 5500 and the 
data products. With all of the new growth products that you have in the pipeline with the ramping international 
business, I mean how should we think about what the top line rate of this company should be in 2011? Is 8% 
achievable again? Is it very likely to be lower than that? Any help you can give us there would be great. 

<A - Timothy J. Wiggins, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Sure. Well, we're thinking about 
over a multiyear period how we maintain or achieve growth in those types of numbers. That's not a small task in this 
environment. In terms of this year, Michael, it was – we had growth higher than we expected. So some ways, you 
probably need to say, okay, you got a little bit of it early. So I think in terms of next year, it's a function of customer 
rollouts and our position there. We're certainly iterating on internal plans where we would see growth, but as you know, 
we don't give that guidance and we need to do a little more digging on some of the things that hit us in 4Q and how do 
those play out next year. 

Certainly our objective over the multiyear period is to be growing at these levels. The question, as you know, do we 
have some interim challenges we need to work through or will we win some other big deployments and some of these 
customers that will allow us to continue to do it. I'd also add, by the way, that as you well know, the story is complex in 
the sense that we have two key vectors going on. We have growth products that continue to grow at significant rates at 
or above the underlying markets that they're in; Rob mentioned the growth that we're seeing in our ROADM product. 
But that has to be – and those are being offset by declines in our legacy products that are later in their life cycle. So we 
do have significant growth. The question is, can we get those growth products to continue to outpace declines in the 
legacy. We'll do a little more work on that and have more to say at our next conference call. 

<Q - Michael Genovese>: Okay, great. And then just one more question. I mean if for backward looking data for the 
3Q, for example, you're able to provide very detailed product mix analysis on why gross margins came down 330 basis 


points. Going forward you're expecting them to be down another roughly 650 basis points. Is it possible to get more 
granular on kind of the impact that the various individual products are going to have on that mix? 

<A - Timothy J. Wiggins, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yes, there is. Let me go back to 
what I said in the script and amplify it a little bit. So let me flip to the right page here. Usually we don't do this in the 
forward quarter, but I knew there were going to be a ton of questions and it's better to address it upfront. So what I said 
was, we expect gross margin in 4Q to be 44%, plus or minus a point or two. A lower level of revenue from digital 
cross-connect systems drives most of this change. Think a little over 5 points. I went on to say a mix shift within data 
products, as I mentioned we see more 86 than 88, and higher revenue from ONTs also contributes to the overall gross 
margin guidance. Think the combination of those two is about a point, so we're talking a little over 6 out of the 6.5 in 
those three bullet items. Hopefully that's helpful. 

<Q - Michael Genovese>: Okay. Just to follow up, I may have missed this, but the data category as a whole, is that 
expected to be up or down in the fourth quarter? 

<A - Timothy J. Wiggins, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: We expect Transport to be 
similar to 2Q, which was in the mid 130s, and we expect growth in all the other categories, access, manage access, data 
and services. 

<Q - Michael Genovese>: Great. All right, thanks, Tim. 

<A - Timothy J. Wiggins, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: All right, you're welcome. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Nikos Theodosopoulos with UBS. 

<Q - Nikos Theodosopoulos>: Yeah, thank you. Tim, can you talk about customer concentration this quarter 
generally, and then specifically on the data product. We knew in the first half of this year, AT&T was a big part of that. 
At this base right here, which is hopefully a base for you, is it still very, very concentrated with them? Is it more 
diversified? So can you address those topics? 

<A - Timothy J. Wiggins, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Sure, good question. You'll 
notice, Nikos, in our MD&A attached to our press release this morning that we mentioned in the sequential analysis 
that our customer concentration declined. Let me add a little more color. Given the very strong revenues that we saw in 
North America from a particular customer in 2Q, our concentration was up and we mentioned that. So let me give you 
some reference points. 

If you go back to our 10-K for 2009, we mentioned that we had two customers that amounted to 51% of our revenue. In 
fact, Verizon was the largest customer, AT&T was the second largest. In the third quarter, our concentration is very 
similar to that; it's slightly above that. The only difference is that the two customers have flipped positions in terms of 
which one's larger or smaller. So this third quarter set of data that you're seeing here has our concentration very similar 
in total amount to where it was at the end of last year, down significantly from 2Q, just with a difference between 
which customer's the largest and which one's the second largest. 

<Q - Nikos Theodosopoulos>: Okay. And specific to the data category, I mean, how should we look at that business as 
being diversified? Because if I'm thinking about 2011 for the data business, you're going to have some really tough 
comps in the first half. It sounds like the 9100, with WiMAX not being as popular as it once was may not be a catalyst 
next year, so trying to get a sense of what's going to be the catalyst for the data business next year for it to grow off 
some tough comps, especially in the first half. 

<A - Robert W. Pullen, Chief Executive Officer and President>: Well, first of all, Nikos, I would say that the 9100 
SmartCore we believe could be a catalyst for us next year; that would be my first point. Second is, we've added 44 
customers just in the first three quarters of this year for our growth products. You're right, the comps could be tough in 
the first half, but we expect that our growth products are going to continue to increase in market share, and as I said, 


we're trying to both extend the current life by evolving the current embedded base, as well as introducing new systems 
for next generation networks. 

<A - Timothy J. Wiggins, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Let me add a little more color. 
We've kind of seen a horserace between the 86 and 8800 over the last five, six quarters in terms of which product was 
the largest. In the second quarter of this year, the 8800 kind of pulled way ahead and was the largest. We see that trend 
reversing and expect, if the fourth quarter plays out the way we expect it to, the 8600 will be the larger product in the 
category. The 88 has had higher concentration given a certain deployment. The 86 tends to be a lot more customers and 
smaller deployments. And so if this plays out the way we think, which means we'd see growth in data in 4Q, we'd also 
see a lot of growth in the 8600, which I mentioned has a small mix impact on our 4Q margins, but it would also 
significantly reduce the concentration in that product category. And I agree with Rob, we're hoping that the 9100 will 
be a catalyst next year, notwithstanding some of the issues we're seeing in WiMAX deployments this year. 

<Q - Nikos Theodosopoulos>: And the catalyst next year in the 9100 would be the existing WiMAX market or the 
new features you have for LTE? 

<A - Robert W. Pullen, Chief Executive Officer and President>: Oh, no, it's LTE and 3G, Nikos. We currently 
support WiMAX today. We just rolled out the first phase of the 3G, GGSN software in the same platform, and as I 
mentioned earlier, we're releasing the first phase of LTE here in the fourth quarter. And so it'll be a combination of 
WiMAX, 3G and LTE. 

<Q - Nikos Theodosopoulos>: All right, thanks. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Rod Hall with JPMorgan. 

<Q - Rod Hall>: Yeah, thanks for taking my question. I just first wanted to ask you guys, back to Broadband data 
again, sorry to keep beating on that one, but could you talk a little bit about North America in particular and whether 
you've seen any share loss there? Or are you just looking at lower spending patterns from the major carriers? 

<A - Robert W. Pullen, Chief Executive Officer and President>: First of all, to the question of have we had share 
loss, I would say, yes, in North America, and our guidance reflects that. 

<Q - Rod Hall>: Okay. The second question I had for you is on the international deals. You guys are pretty bullish 
there, but I know you've been running quite a few trials in Europe in particular. Can you just say what the potential is 
for new deal announcements going forward? I mean does your guidance already reflect some deals that have come 
through or is there an awful lot still out there to be – to potentially be won? And also if you could talk to us a little bit 
on timing on some of those trials, when they might come to fruition, if they're still open. 

<A - Robert W. Pullen, Chief Executive Officer and President>: Well, first of all, I would say that the guidance we 
gave you is our best insight as to the accumulation of both revenue and growth on the embedded base as well as new 
systems. Next, the trials all have a life of their own. From our perspective, there's a lot more to be gained out there in 
the marketplace from a market share perspective, and each one of these trials could have anywhere from a three to 
six-month duration. 

<Q - Rod Hall>: OK, Rob, can you give us any quantification of the number of trials that are still open in Europe 
particularly or 


<A - Robert W. Pullen, Chief Executive Officer and President>: Ooh, I don't have that data off the top of my head 
as the number of trials in Europe. You know what, you can follow up with Tom Scottino on that and we'll share that 
data with you. I just don't have that off the top of my head. 

<Q - Rod Hall>: Okay. And then also you guys mentioned backlog in your commentary. Can you give us any idea 
how big the backlog is heading into Q4? 


<A - Timothy J. Wiggins, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Similar to where it was at Q3. 

<Q - Rod Hall>: Okay. And then the last question I had is, we had a lot of the infrastructure guys, particularly the base 
station guys are talking about component shortages and that driving lower shipments. Do you think that's had any 
impact on the volumes in North America in particular or do you think it's just a function of people spending less, say 
little bit of share loss and so on? 

<A - Robert W. Pullen, Chief Executive Officer and President>: Well, it's certainly about spending less and a little 
bit of share loss, but we do have some unforecasted demand where we are concerned about parts availability. We 
haven't had that problem all year long. We've paid premiums for our parts to make sure we meet the customers' needs. 
But in the fourth quarter we do have some unforecasted demand, which is going to be difficult to get some parts. 

<Q - Rod Hall>: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot, guys. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Mark Sue with RBC Capital Markets. 

<Q - Mark Sue>: Thank you. How severe is the inventory correction? If you could just kind of put some parameters 
around the inventory levels and if it's mostly resolved. I mean what's the normal levels, what's the high levels and what 
are the current levels, if you can? 

<A - Timothy J. Wiggins, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: I presume, Mark, you're talking 
about the comments that we made around the digital cross-connects in North America? 

<Q - Mark Sue>: Yes, digital cross-connects. 

<A - Timothy J. Wiggins, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. Well, I think it's hard for 
us to tell completely, but certainly to Rob's comments that we've had a significant run-up of those product revenues in 
Q1 through 3, and even with a disappointing 4Q we'll still have growth, which when we started the year we didn't 
expect. So it certainly is possible that if you're under – or cautious about spending, that you'd be very careful about how 
many T1s am I buying, and gee, maybe I got enough to run my 4Q. 

We believe that there's underlying demand for these T1s, that the network architecture has not shifted away from these 
in any significant way. It's certainly not reflected by the kind of guidance we're giving you, that's why we're talking 
about customers looking at inventory and optimizing their networks. So we believe that the networks have not migrated 
away from this and that there's underlying demand. But customers in the short run can make decisions around 
optimizing networks. You're hopeful that this demand picks back up in Q1. That reflects what we believe is the 
underlying architecture and the demand growth and it's very difficult to make that kind of a sea change in your network 
architecture away from these products. 

<Q - Mark Sue>: Cross-connects grew in 2010 over 2009. Are you planning internally for cross-connects to grow in 
2011 versus 2010? 

<A - Timothy J. Wiggins, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: That would be – lightning 
probably won't strike twice. I don't think so. 

<Q - Mark Sue>: Okay. Thank you, and good luck, gentlemen. 

<A - Timothy J. Wiggins, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Thank you. 

<A - Robert W. Pullen, Chief Executive Officer and President>: Thank you. 

Operator 


Your next question comes from the line of Simon Leopold with Morgan Keegan. 

<Q - Simon Leopold>: Thank you. A few things I wanted to clear up. First, maybe an easy housekeeping one. With 
the share buybacks pretty significant level, what was the share count exiting the quarter or what do you expect the share 
count for the fourth quarter? 

<A - Timothy J. Wiggins, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Exit – share count exiting the 
quarter is 370 million. 

<Q - Simon Leopold>: And do you have a sense as sort of assuming as from a modeling perspective to use a similar 
level for Q4? 

<A - Timothy J. Wiggins, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Depends on when we get back to 
our screens and see what the stock's doing after the call today. 

<Q - Simon Leopold>: Okay. 

<A - Robert W. Pullen, Chief Executive Officer and President>: It'll likely be less, Simon. 

<Q - Simon Leopold>: Okay. And then looking at some of the disclosures here, I'm just trying to get a better sense 
within this Transport business, it sounds like you're positive on both the Optical family 7100s as well as the 5500s. So 
both can't be equally good within the quarter, but from a modeling perspective I'm trying to understand the baseline of 
what you did in 3Q. Was it dominated by 5500 or a fairly even split? 

<A - Robert W. Pullen, Chief Executive Officer and President>: Let me take that. First of all, the third quarter 2010, 
Simon, it was a fairly equal split between 5500 and 7100. Next, just to maybe qualify one of your points, as I said, we 
do expect 7100 to be up in 4Q versus 3Q, but we expect 5500 to be down, almost cut in half from the third quarter. 

<Q - Simon Leopold>: So just to follow on to this, in the 


<A - Robert W. Pullen, Chief Executive Officer and President>: And by the way, Simon, earlier – I'm sorry for 
interrupting you – 7100 was at record sales, so. 

<Q - Simon Leopold>: Right. And one of the things you've talked about in the past on the 7100 is improving your 
customer diversity on this product. Historically you've had a very high reliance on one big U.S. customer. Can you give 
us a little bit of insight into how that mix looks today? 

<A - Robert W. Pullen, Chief Executive Officer and President>: I don't have the exact mix off the top of my head 
from a numbers perspective, but I can give you the data point we just gave you, Simon, which is we're expanding 
market share and new customer base. Just in the third quarter alone we had six new customers, two in North America 
and four in international markets. The international markets were both in Asia Pacific and Latin America. 

<Q - Simon Leopold>: And just to wrap up this line of questioning, with these international wins I assume you're 
going up against the likes of Wowway and Alcatel-Lucent. Could you talk a little bit about how you've been successful 
landing these deals? And one of the things I'm trying to figure out is how much pricing may be a factor and if that's part 
of what's pressuring your gross margin in the December quarter. 

<A - Robert W. Pullen, Chief Executive Officer and President>: Well, so first of all, as you know, the 7100 is 
slightly lower – or lower than our corporate average margin and, yes, you're right, we compete against all the big guys 
all over the world. And different regions are different pricing. India's more competitive in pricing, for example, Simon, 
than North America, just as maybe two extremes. 

But we compete based on innovation and differentiation. We have the 88-channel Reconfigurable Optical Add/Drop. 
We have -- we're pioneers in innovating Ethernet aggregation over the optical layer. We're – have now a Subrate 
Multiplexer card on a module versus a shelf and it's all controlled by our 8000 manager with end-to-end control plane. 
And so we're differentiating based on innovation. 


<Q - Simon Leopold>: And just one last clarification. You talked about the segment trends in 4Q versus 3Q with I 
think Transport being down sequentially and the others up sequentially, and I want to make sure on a level of detail, if 
we look at specifically the Broadband access business, that includes the fiber to the home, is that a business that you 
expect to be up in the fourth quarter and if so, wouldn't that defy seasonality? 

<A - Timothy J. Wiggins, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: We do expect the access 
business to be up, largely on the increased volume of ONTs. 

<A - Robert W. Pullen, Chief Executive Officer and President>: But slightly up also on PET end terminals as well. 

<A - Timothy J. Wiggins, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. 

<A - Robert W. Pullen, Chief Executive Officer and President>: And we're probably, Simon, we're seeing a little bit 
of a tailwind from the broadband stimulus. 

<A - Timothy J. Wiggins, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: And let me, Simon, go back to 
your point about the 7100. We've actually seen solid improvement, steady improvement is probably a better word, on 
the margins on the 7100 based on cost reductions, line card mix and customer mix for the first nine months of the year 
compared to a year ago. And secondly, the 7100 is not a factor in our 4Q margin guidance; it's actually, based on, the 
mix is actually going to be a slight positive contributor. So that is not something I'd put in your model for 4Q. 

<Q - Simon Leopold>: Okay, helpful. You mentioned stimulus, how big a factor is that for you? 

<A - Robert W. Pullen, Chief Executive Officer and President>: Small. It's a tailwind, as we've been describing for 
the past eight quarters, we expect some success as a result of it and we've already seen it and that money will continue 
to trickle out. 

<Q - Simon Leopold>: Great. Thank you very much. 

<A - Timothy J. Wiggins, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, we have reached our allotted time for questions. Mr. Scottino, do you have any 
closing remarks? 

Tom Scottino, Senior Investor Relations Manager 

I'll turn it over to our CEO, Rob Pullen. 

Robert W. Pullen, Chief Executive Officer and President 

Thanks, everyone. We appreciate your time and good questions. We continue to focus on the smart mobile Internet, 
help our customers succeed and have profitable revenue for Tellabs. So thanks for your time and we'll talk to you soon. 

Operator 

This concludes today's Tellabs Investor Relations conference call. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 


have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2015, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


