Q4 2006 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Robert Sahadevan, Investor Relations 
• Glenn F. Tilton, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• Frederic F. Brace, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
• Peter D. McDonald, Executive Vice President and Chief Operational Officer 
Other Participants 

• David Strine 
• Graham Atkinson 
• John Tague 
• Michael Linenberg 
• Gary Chase 
• Robert Barry 
• Jamie Baker 
• Helane Becker 
• Raymond Neidl 
• Daniel McKenzie 
• Kevin Crissey 
• Susan Carey 
• Eric Torbenson 
• Doug Cameron 
• Ashley Heher 
• Padraic Cassidy 
• Kelly Yamanouchi 
• Paul Merrion 
• Aaron Karp 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning and welcome to UAL Corporation's Earnings Conference Call of the fourth quarter of 2006. My name is 
Katrina and I will be your conference facilitator today. Following the opening remarks from UAL's management, there 
will be a question-and-answer session. If you have a question please press star followed by one on your touchtone 
telephone. This call is being recorded and is copyrighted. Please note that it cannot be recorded, transcribed or 
rebroadcast without UAL's permission. Your participation implies consent to our recording of this call. If you do not 
agree with these terms, simply drop off the line. 

I will now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. Robert Sahadevan. Please go ahead, sir. 

Robert Sahadevan, Investor Relations 


Thank you, operator. Welcome to UAL's fourth quarter earnings conference call. The earnings announcement was 
released earlier this morning and is available on our website at www.united.com\ir. After our prepared remarks, we will 
open the lines to questions from analysts and investors. Following the end of the investor Q&A at approximately 11:30 

a.m. eastern time, we will take questions from the media. 
Let me point out that statements in the press release and those made during this conference call may contain various 
forward-looking statements, which represents the company's expectations, or believes concerning future events. All 
forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to the company. A number of factors that 
could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our press release, Form 
10-K, and other reports filed with the SEC for a more thorough description of these factors. Lastly, during the course of 
our call we will be discussing several non-GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP numbers 
to GAAP financial measures, please refer to our earnings release. 

And now, I would like to turn the call over to Glenn Tilton, UAL's Chairman, President and CEO. 

Glenn F. Tilton, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks Robert and good morning and welcome to everybody on the call. Joining me and participating on our call today 
are Jake Brace, our Chief Financial Officer, Peter McDonald, our Chief Operational Officer, John Tague, Chief 
Revenue Officer, and Graham Atkinson has joined us, our EVP of the Customer Experience. They are all here and 
available to take questions as the call proceeds. 

Our fourth quarter and full-year 2006 results show continued improvement in United's core business and reinforce the 
trend that has been evident throughout the year. We are delivering against on our performance agenda of continuous 
improvement, controlling our costs, optimizing revenue, and improving our customer's experience. 

Our fourth quarter financial results reinforced the work that we're doing. Our financial performance is steadily 
improving and these results would have been better absence to the significant storms in our two largest hubs, which 
both Jake and Peter will discuss in later detail throughout the call. Now, I would like to share some of the highlights of 
the quarter with you. 

Our operating margin improved by 4.6 points year-over-year to 0.5%. This was up from a negative 4.1% in the same 
quarter a year ago, and it marched a third consecutive quarter that we have shown margin improvement at United. In 
the fourth quarter on a consolidated capacity increase of 3%. Our consolidated revenues were up 5% to some $4.6 
billion, a $200 million increase from the year-ago quarter, while our total operating expense was essentially flat. For 
the 11 months following the exit from Chapter 11, we reported net income of some $25 million. 

As everyone on the call knows, this has been an evolving year for the airline industry and a defining year for us at 
United. We began the year with our emergence from a restructuring that created the platform, the foundation for the 
work that we have been doing this year. We said from the beginning of the restructuring we would focus our energies 
on two distinct tracks, running the airline and successfully restructuring the company. With the work at the bankruptcy 
court behind us, we are able to sharpen our focus on our performance and our customers. During the year, we created 
the position of Chief Customer Officer and appointed Graham to drive the work, delivering a consistent experience for 
all of our customers and improve the experience for our most frequent business travelers. 

As we discussed with many of you during Investor Day, we believe the focus will lead to an increased share of our 
premium customers' overall travel spend. We are also seeing results from our strategy of delivering the right product to 
the right customer at the right time. We are pleased with the performance of products such as Ted, explus and p.s., and 
customers continue to take advantage of the opportunity that we provide them to purchase and upgrade to Economy 
Plus. 

Earlier this year, we announced a significant upgrade to our international premium class product, which we will begin 
to roll out in the late 2007. This product will be installed on all 97 of our international aircraft by the end of 2009. This 
industry-leading product is just one of the initiatives we are focusing on as we continue to find ways to better serve our 


customers with products and services they value and are willing to pay for. We have improved our network exiting on 
profitable routes and we're flying to more destinations than we did prior to our restructuring. 

We recently added services to Kuwait and we will start soon to add service to Rome, Frankfurt, Hong Kong and Taipei. 
Starting in March, we will begin connecting the capitals of the United States and China, with our Beijing-Dallas route. 
This combination of targeted products and unmatched network and an improving customer experience is enabling 
United to win significant and profitable corporate accounts away from our largest competitors. We have several that are 
starting to fly with United this month. 

We have a strong and focused management team that is focused on the need for cost control and continuous 
improvement. Our work on resource and network optimization have enabled us to add the flights I just mentioned 
without having to purchase additional airplanes, and we are improving our on-time performance. 

We are pleased with our improving performance in 2006, and we are optimistic about 2007. Industry fundamentals and 
importantly United's fundamentals are very solid. While we are seeking a – while we're seeing a deceleration in 
revenue growth, demand is solid and we're hopeful the industry supply will remain in balance with demand. At United, 
the management team is driving the work that continues to make our company more competitive, whether 
implementing resource optimization initiatives or winning the hotly contested China route. 

Our operating margin continues to improve. We face limited debt maturities and we are in the process of reducing our 
exit facility by some $1 billion. We have limited capital expenditures planned and no aircraft capital spending. With 
our financial structure, we're poised to potentially generate a high level of free cash flow. 

In closing, we accomplished much this year. We set the stage for the work. Our management team and our employees 
will do in 2007 and beyond. As we press ahead, we got the right management team and the right employee in place to 
lead these efforts. Now I'd like to hand the call over to Jake to take us through more detail of the numbers. Jake, over to 
you? 

Frederic F. Brace, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks, Glenn. Good morning everyone. As Glenn said, we have continued to maintain momentum we built 
throughout the year. We reported a net loss of $61 million in the fourth quarter and net income of 25 million for the 11 
months since we emerged from bankruptcy. The fourth quarter results represent a year-over-year improvement of $234 
million excluding reorganization in special items. 

For the quarter both basic and diluted loss per share were $0.55. For purposes EPS calculations, basic and diluted 
shares for the fourth quarter were 116 million. For the full year of 2006 basic share were 115.5 million and fully diluted 
shares were 116.2 million. 

We were pleased to record an operating profit rather than the small operating loss we'd forecasted a couple of weeks 
ago. Yields for the end of December came in better than we expected and costs were also a bit lower. That flipped us 
from a small operating loss to an operating profit of $23 million. This compares to and operating loss of 182 million in 
the fourth quarter of 2005, an improvement of more than 200 million year-over-year. 

As Glenn mentioned, our operating margin improved by 4.6 points year-over-year to 0.5%. Our fourth quarter pre-tax 
loss was benefited by a non-cash income tax benefit of 39 million. In total for the 11 months since the emergence, the 
new UAL booked income tax expense of $21 million, an effective tax rate of 48%. 

I would like to emphasize that our tax computations for the new UAL and are based on net income since the emergence 
not the entire 12-month period. The tax rate is higher than the guidance I provided on the third quarter call primarily 
because the effect of permanent differences are amplified when pre-tax income is near the breakeven level. As I 
mentioned in the past, income tax expense should be viewed as a non-cash item. We do not currently anticipate any 
material cash taxes in the near future due to our large NOL balance. 


Let me mention a couple of items that affected the results in the quarter. First, as Glenn mentioned, three major winter 
storms in December resulted in significant flight cancellations. At the beginning of December, Ohio was hit by the first 
major storm resulting in the cancellation of 900 flights. Just before Christmas the extraordinary closure of our second 
largest hub at Denver International airport for over two days resulted in the cancellation of 28,00 flights, and then 
Denver was hit by a second [indiscernible] just prior to the end of the year that resulted in the cancellation of an 
additional 200 flights. These storms reduced mainline and consolidated capacity by six-tenths of a percent. We estimate 
the storms reduced revenue by $40 million. 

Second item I wanted to touch on. In the fourth quarter the company entered into an exercise fuel hedges that were 
classified as economic hedges. We recognized a loss on the hedges that settled in the fourth quarter of $13 million and 
also recognized an unrealized mark-to-market loss of $2 million for hedges that will settle in 2007. Any realized gains 
or losses from the 2007 positions will be adjusted by the unrealized mark-to-market loss that we booked in the fourth 
quarter. 

As I mentioned in the last quarter all of the realized and mark-to-market gains and losses are booked in the fuel expense 
line. As we have mentioned unit earnings RASM minus CASM as a key measure of our financial performance. 

Our mainline unit earnings for the quarter increased to $0.07 from a negative $0.28 a year ago, while our mainline unit 
earnings excluding fuel expense were up 8% to $0.0329. Our regional affiliate operations essentially broke even in the 
quarter which was an $81 million improvement from the fourth quarter of 2005. Despite, a seasonally weak period and 
tougher year-over-year comparisons, we continue to improve our revenue results, the direct result of the actions we 
have taken to position United in the marketplace as well as the generally positive fair environment. 

As many of you are aware, United's absolute revenue performance historically outperforms the industry in the second 
and the third quarters of the year and under performs that in the fourth and the first quarters, this performance pattern is 
primarily due to the structural network differences that United have strong east-west traffic flows that benefited during 
the spring and summer months and relatively smaller in north-south traffic that benefit the fourth and first quarter of 
some of our competitors. This is why we typically provide rolling 12-month comparisons to remove seasonality when 
we show competitive comparisons. United posted strong revenue results for the full-year 2006, compared to 2005 with 
mainline PRASM increasing 9.1%. 

Fourth quarter consolidated PRASM increased by 3.7%. Mainline PRASM grew by 3.4% with the year-over-year 
increase in mainline yield of 3.6% and the mainline traffic increase of 1.3% on a 1.5% increase in capacity. Mainline 
RASM excluding revenue from UAFC, our fuel-trading subsidiary, grew by 3.3%. Given our capacity growth, the hit 
we took to bad weather and a fresh start related accounting affect, I will describe later in the call, we think our revenue 
performance was quite competitive. 

Our revenue performance was particularly strong in our international markets, continuing the trend that we reported in 
the second and third quarter. Pacific PRASM was up 6%, the Atlantic had a 7% increase, and Latin America had a 13% 

increase over the year-ago quarter. Demand and yield growth continues to be strong in the Pacific and the Latin 
markets and stable in the Atlantic. 

Domestic mainline capacity increased 1.5% during the quarter, despite the capacity growth the effective tougher 
year-over-year comps and effective of three winter storms, which mainly affected domestic revenue, domestic mainline 
PRASM grew 1.1%. 

Regional capacity in the fourth quarter grew by 14% as compared to the year-ago quarter, despite an express passenger 
length of haul increase of 9%, regional PRASM growth was flat driven by 1.7% decrease in yield and a 1.3-point 
increase in load factor compared with the fourth quarter of 2005 primarily due to a decline in other revenue driven by 
lower revenue from UAFC, mainline RASM increased only 1.5%. 

Turning to expenses, which were a major management focus in 2006 and will continue to be in 2007 and beyond. Total 
fourth quarter operating expenses were essentially flat year-over-year. This was the first quarter in several years with 
lower year-over-year fuel expense, including the cost of hedging, average mainline jet fuel price including taxes was 


$2.01 per gallon for the quarter compared with $2.09 of last year. 

Let me walk through some of the other line items with significant changes. Salaries and related was the cost category 
showing our largest increase. Most of the increase was in fringe expense which was up about $85 million, the factors 
driving that were mainly non-cash true-ups with last year's true-ups to pensions and workers comp being favorable to 
2005 results, and this year's two retiring medicals being unfavorable. 

We're seeing continued increases in medical and dental expenses, which also contributed to the year-over-year change. 
On the salary side, the cost increase were driven by FAS 123R expense and our profit-sharing programs. We did not 
see much growth at all in average salaries. Purchase services were up 21 million or 5% for the quarter. This was a 
similar year-over-year increase to those in the second and third quarters and was caused by increased outsourcing. The 
offset to this is that our employee productivity trend continued on its upward trajectory with a 4.4% improvement 
year-over-year. 

Aircraft maintenance and outside repairs increased by $5 million over the fourth quarter of 2005. Relative to the first 
three quarters of 2006, this quarter we experienced a lower year-over-year growth rate in this line. This relatively low 
increase was largely driven by unusually high maintenance expenses in the fourth quarter of 2005 due to certain 
transition costs we incurred from switching over to our power by the hour contract for our PW 4000 engines. 

In the first quarter of 2007, we expect maintenance expenses to be 5 to 7% higher than 2006, driven by engine ageing, 
growth in airframe volume and increasing materials expense. Other operating expenses decreased by 20% this quarter 
primarily driven by lower advertising and marketing expenses and two favorable insurance settlements. 

Mainline CASM decreased 1.7% from the fourth quarter of 2005, while mainline CASM excluding fuel and special 
items increased 1.7% slightly outside the guidance we gave you on the third quarter call. However, if you adjust for the 
impact of the reduced capacity and the Exit non-fuel expense that resulted from the December storms, mainline CASM 
excluding fuel and special items was up only 1.1% right in the middle of the guidance range. 

Just to be clear, the effect of the storms reduced cost in total, but the biggest reduction was in fuel expense excluding 
fuel, the storms increased our cost. 

The company captured $300 million in benefits that we targeted for the year as well as an additional 135 million from 
accelerating initiatives plan for 2007. We are also on track to achieve the additional $265 million of cost savings to 
fulfill the $400 million cost program announced in the second quarter of 2006. We remain intensely focused on 
reducing cost and improving operational execution throughout the organization. 

As I stated before, these cost savings somewhat mitigate the effects of 2007 inflationary pressures, we continue to 
expect upward pressure on maintenance expenses as I mentioned, the airport rents and landing fees, medical and dental 
expenses, and a modest salary increase averaging 1.6% across all work groups. As we have done in past quarters, we 
would like to point out that our reported earnings include a number of non-cash fresh start and exit related charges, 
which can be somewhat confusing especially since they have skewers and fundamental year-over-year improvement. 

I would like to particularly highlight the effect on revenue in the fourth quarter as it has been much larger than in 
previous quarters and it effects the comparability to year-over-year and to other carriers. 

At Exit, United began using the deferred revenue method for its frequent-flier accounting. This method has been 
adopted, as the international standard by the IASP and United is currently the only major US carrier that follows this 
practice. While we believe the deferred revenue method more accurately depicts revenue performance, it also leads to 
greater revenue volatility. 

In the fourth quarter, the new methodology resulted in a $95 million reduction to revenue we would have otherwise 
reported under the old methodology. Excluding the UAFC and this non-cash fresh start accounting change, fourth 
quarter mainline RASM increased 5.9% year-over-year versus the 3.3% we reported. We expect to see a significant 
negative year-over-year impact of this accounting change in the first quarter of 2007 before it begins to annualize. 


On the cost side, excluding non-cash fresh-start and exit related charges, our year-over-year non-fuel mainline CASM 
for the fourth quarter and full year actually dropped approximately 1% from the comparable period in 2005. We are 
really looking forward to the day when we annualized these exit related expenses. 

Turning to the balance sheet, we estimate, we spend a $131 million on capital expenditures and a $122 million for debt 
payments. We ended the quarter with a total cash balance of $5 billion of which unrestricted cash and short-term 
investments made up to 4.2 billion. 

Total balance sheet debt including capital leases ended the year at $10.6 billion. Net debt defined as on balance sheet 
debt and capital leases, plus capitalized aircraft rents, minus unrestricted cash was 9.4 billion, an improvement of $900 
million from February 1. As I discussed during our investor day in December, we continue to have more cash than is 
optimal, we face limited debt maturities, we have no material defined benefit pension plan obligations, and we have no 
aircraft capital spending. We expect to reduce our cash balance by about $1 billion by paying down debt and we have 
launched the syndication of a new $2 billion loan facility to replace our $3 billion exit facility. 

We expect a significant rate reduction and also anticipate free collateral in the facility including all the 101 aircraft and 
the spare parts originally pledged. Our plan is to close the transaction in early February. 

Now, let me turn the call over to Pete to discuss our operational performance. 

Peter D. McDonald, Executive Vice President and Chief Operational Officer 

Thanks, Jake. This morning, I would like to discuss the challenges that we took upon ourselves in 2006 to drive better 
performance for both our customers and our investors. As Glenn mentioned, our performance agenda is focused on four 
areas, continuous improvement, controlling costs, optimizing revenue, and improving our customer experience. Most 
fundamentally in 2006, we challenged ourselves to make a step change in asset utilization. 

A set of initiatives we call resource optimization. Within the resource optimization umbrella, are a number of key 
efforts, tightening aircraft turns, reducing actual block time, and optimizing our investments in real estate resource. 
Taken as a whole, resource optimization contributed significantly to our success in achieving our 300 million in 2006 
benefits. 

Let me give you some metrics to help put into perspective the excellent work of both our front line employees and our 
management team as resource optimization ramped up. Let's start out with domestic average scheduled ground minutes. 
This is really a proxy for how much time our airport and maintenance staffs have to turn an aircraft. 

In the first quarter of 2006, ground time was 3% lower than it had been in the first quarter of 2005. By the fourth 
quarter, ground time was fully 7% lower than it had been in the fourth quarter of 2005. This is where standard work 
becomes such a key element of our operational strategy. Using standard work packages in all of our ground operation is 
the best way to improve our ability to consistently and safely turn aircraft in these reduced timeframes. It also helps us 
improve the delivery of consistent quality service to our passengers. 

Our commitment to standard work enabled us to achieve some substantial year-over-year improvements in aircraft 
utilization in 2006. Aircraft utilization was up 3% in 2006 compared to 2005. We delivered this result despite an 
increase in 2006 mainline load factor of 0.7 points to 82.1% from an already high load factor in 2005. We also took real 
estate out of our system where it made sense such as by transitioning out of remote express facilities in San Francisco, 
Los Angeles, and Washington Dulles. 

Despite a challenging operating environment in which to implement resource optimization, we were able to achieve the 
goals that we set up for ourselves. One statistics that I believe speaks very powerfully to this effort is this. Resource 
optimization allowed the company to generate the equivalent of nine mainline and 18 express aircraft without having to 
purchase any incremental aeroplanes. 

As we moved to higher level of asset utilization, there was an impact on our operational performance in the early 
months of the year. We are now returning to the levels of operational reliability that we and our customers expect. Take 


our Arrival 14 performance for example. From 2002 to 2005, United consistently let our five major network carriers 
peers and performance on this metric, but in the first quarter of 2006, our performance slipped. Since that time, we have 
seen steady improvement. 

In the first quarter, our Arrival 14 performance came in at 74% and by November, we had improved to 78. This 
improvement is reflected in our Department of Transportation rankings as well. In October, United came in third in the 
Arrival 14 performance versus our five network carriers peers. In November, the most recent data available, United 
came in first. This clearly represents solid execution against our performance agenda. 

We are also focused on driving ever higher levels of efficiency in the operation. Take our airport operations division. 
Going into 2007, we will be using enhanced volume forecasting and manpower planning tools to make certain that we 
provide the service that our customers especially our best customers expect. 

For example, on good operating days, we will be using these tools to better match our dividend by targeting the specific 
times and locations where we can take cost out of the airline while maintaining our service standards. 

We expect that this effort will improve both our cost and operational performance as some of our savings in the 
[indiscernible] times get reinvested in helping us manage the peaks better. We face other cost pressures on the airport 
environment such as a 10% increase in the average number of bags checked for passenger since the foiled 
London-Paris flight last August. In 2007, we are going to continue to look aggressively for ways to mitigate these 
trends. 

As Glenn said, cost discipline is hardwired into our business strategy. We also know that we need to support our 
customer service strategy. In some cases, we meet the need through reallocating our resources. For example, we are 
installing cameras in our largest airport lobbies so that we can move staff to our premium check-in and security lines as 
required to deliver on our service standards for our most valued customers. 

On the other hand, there are times where we need to make a targeted investment. For example, our maintenance 
organization is intensely focused on maintaining the premium cabins, seats, video equipment on our fleet of long haul 
international wide body aircraft. In 2006, we invested to reduce service defects in our international, first and business 
class cabins and in 2007 we are going to continue the effort as we begin to transition to our new international premium 
product later this year. 

Of the many challenges we successfully overcame in 2006 one really stands out to me and that is our response to the 
extraordinary December storms that affected our two largest hubs, Chicago and Denver. 

Let me put this – of these weather events and perspectives. The percentage of our flights cancelled due to weather in 
December 2006 was nearly five times higher than the average rate of the 12 previous December's. The Chicago storm, 
which occurred on December 1, caused us [ph] here to operate under the lowest hourly arrival rate in the past four 
years. The impact of the first Denver storm on the airport was unprecedented. Between December 20th and the 22nd 
airport was closed for 45 hours and then barely a week later Denver suffered another significant snowstorm on the 29th 
just as the New Year's holiday weekend was kicking off. 

I would personally like to thank all of our employees, but especially those who were directly involved in the storms at 
Chicago and Denver last month for their very professional way that they responded to these extraordinary challenges. 
Many of them worked around the clock to ensure that as many of our customers as possible were able to make it home 
safely for their holidays. 

Now before I turn the call back over to Jake, I would like to summarize for you our 2007 continuous improvement 
agenda. As you've heard we accomplished our 2006 resource optimization goals in large part because of our adoption 
of continuous improvement processes and techniques. One of the things we've learned and adopted from companies 
like Toyota, Boeing and Alcova is the importance of standard work in driving further efficiency improvements. 

When you have a standard work process, you can find efficiency enhancements and quickly implement repeatable 
enhancements to other stations. When each station is doing things its own way, it's hard to introduce scalable 
improvements. 


We learned as we implemented resource optimization in 2006 that our operations were far from using standard work 
processes across the systems. In 2007, we will continue to drive standard work to all stations and to more processes. 
When standard work is implemented across all stations and at all functions in the company from ramp service to vendor 
order entry, we will be able to quickly scale a new process improvement to have a meaningful system impact. This is a 
multi-year effort but we believe that these fundamental improvements and how we go about our work provides the 
platform to continue to implement meaningful improvements. 

We continue to work the hard to mitigate inflation by maintaining our cost discipline and improving efficiency while 
never compromising safety. Thank you, Jake. 

Frederic F. Brace, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks Pete. Turning to the guidance for the first quarter and the full year 2007, as we noted in our release we have 
reduced our capacity growth expectations from what we previously discussed with you. While not a huge reduction, we 
thought it was prudent to trim some marginal capacity out there. 

For 2007, we expect mainline capacity to increase between 0 and 1%. Previously we had said we would grow about 
1%. We expect United Express capacity to grow between 3.5 and 4.5% leading to a consolidated capacity increase of 0 
to 1%. We expect first quarter mainline capacity to grow between 0.5 and 1%, express capacity to grow 7 to 7.5% and 
consolidated capacity to grow 1 to 1.5%. 

We estimate that mainline CASM ex-fuel and profit sharing programs is expected to be down 1 to 1.5% in the first 
quarter of 2007 as compared to the first quarter of 2006 with the full-year mainline CASM ex-fuel and profit sharing 
programs is expected to be up 0.5 to 1.5%. The decrease in planned 2007 capacity growth had the effect of somewhat 
increasing our 2007 CASM guidance. 

As of yesterday, United had hedged 33% of forecasted fuel consumption for the first quarter of 2007 predominantly 
through crude oil, three-way options with upside protection on a weighted average basis beginning at $65 per barrel, 
and capped at $74 per barrel, payment obligations begin on a weighted average basis, if crude drops below $59 per 
barrel. Again as of yesterday, United had hedged 23% of forecasted fuel consumption for the second quarter of 2007, 
predominantly through crude oil, three-way options again. Upside protection on a weighted average basis beginning at 
$59 per barrel capped at $69 per barrel, payment obligations on a weighted average basis beginning crude oil dropped 
below $55 per barrel. 

So, in summary, our fourth quarter results continue to demonstrate the progress we're making and that our plan is 
working. 

And now operator, we're ready to open the call for questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. First, we will take questions from the analyst community. Then, we will take questions from the media. The 
question-and-answer session will be conducted electronically. [Operator Instructions]. The first question comes from 
the line of David Strine representing Bear Stearns. Please proceed. 

<Q - David Strine>: Thanks. Good morning. First for Jake and then for Glenn. Jake, in the first quarter, what is your 
spot market price assumption for jet fuel setting all the fuel hedge aside? 

<A - Frederic Brace>: Setting the fuel hedges aside, let me think about that for a second. I don't know the ex-hedge 
number; our number with the hedges is 189 kind of thing. I will have to get back to you to see if we can get the 
ex-hedge numbers that moves around – the hedge effect moves around all the time. 


<Q - David Strine>: Okay. And then the second question with respect to revenue, it seems that in the fourth quarter, 
the non-cash hit you took on revenue really jumped up to 95 million. So, the first part of the question is why did it pop 
up so much in the fourth quarter? And moving into next year, how will you be treating this issue, are we going to sort 
of lap this or will we continue to see a big fluctuation in the non-cash charge quarter-to-quarter? 

<A - Graham Atkinson>: Let me answer the first part of the question first. When we adopted this standard, we began 
to see the volatility in the performance, and quite frankly, we did not forecast it very well in the fourth quarter which is 
why we significantly increased the estimate of it – we estimated much lower than we actually performed, but there was 
two things, one was the forecast issue where it was something we just did not do as good a job as we should have in 
forecasting it, but secondly we learned that it is a lot more volatile in the fourth quarter and what we saw in the fourth 
quarter was a lot more earned than burnt and that cost us to also increase the amount in non-cash. So it is much more 
volatile, we didn't get the forecasting right, but we also experienced a fundamental trend that was different than we 
have seen in the fourth quarter of previous years. As to its continuation, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we 
expect to continue into the first quarter. January is a big month, we also expect to see some in February and March, but 
after the first quarter, we think we have pretty much left it. 

<Q - David Strine>: Okay. And all of that was in passenger revenue; none of it should be added back to other? 

<A - Frederic Brace>: The amount that we told you was in passenger revenue. 

<Q - David Strine>: Great. And then just last quick question on RASM, if stripping that or adding that back, I should 
say in adding back the 40 million hit you took from the storms, when you look at your bookings out into the first 
quarter, are you seeing any meaningful difference in terms of the year-over-year growth rate or things remaining pretty 
steady? 

<A - Frederic Brace>: Let me have John Tague take that one, he is here with us. 

<A - John Tague>: Yes. I think David, as Jake indicated, we think the revenue fundamentals are quite strong and 
looking through the core performance in the quarter was in the rates of a 6% unit revenue increase year-over-year 
despite the fact that we added capacity during the somewhat unrewarding seasonal period. We see the pricing structure 
as being in very solid shape and we are quite positive about that. So, we fully expect to achieve unit revenue growth in 
2007, albeit not at the rate of nine plus percent year-over-year. So, we are not seeing any change in the stability of the 
fundamentals, and we continue to be encouraged by our ability to produce positive performance despite the fact that we 
are lapping some very, very tough comps with domestic performance having increased in 2006 period in the 
low-to-mid teens in the first three quarters last year. So, no course correction from our perspective. 

<Q - David Strine>: Okay. For the full year, you still feel it is going to grow in that for the first quarter. At this point, 
it seems as if you should remain on a steady track in terms of the year-over-year RASM growth rate compared to what 
you had in the fourth quarter? 

<A - John Tague>: Yes. We think our performance stacks up quite well in the fourth quarter when you look through 
these non-cash charges. And on that basis, we would expect a fully competitive performance in the first quarter as well. 

<Q - David Strine>: Okay. I have taken too much time. So, Glenn, I'll maybe due – my question due off-line. Thanks 
so much. 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: Thank you, David. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Michael Linenberg representing Merrill Lynch. Please proceed. 

<Q - Michael Linenberg>: Yes. I guess, two questions. Pete, you went through some of the efficiencies where you 
freed up 


line of narrow bodies in 18 express aircraft, I'm curious where you are on the wide-body front and as you add some of 
the new services that were mentioned including the new capital, the capital service to China, where are you on the 
wide-body front and which of any of the sub-fleets are you now seeing some tightness that is – that you just – you have 
all tapped down on capacity? 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: Hi, Michael, it's Glenn. As we go forward, if you could speak up a little, it would be helpful. But 
we are going to toss that question over to John as well. 

<Q - Michael Linenberg>: Okay. 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: Thanks. 

<A - John Tague>: Thanks, Mike. I think, as we sort of mentioned at the Investor Conference, having a flex-free 
constraint is really somewhat of a rewarding constraint in terms of re-optimizing the fleet. So you saw that we 
suspended Chicago-Osaka service in the first quarter, and again we announced the QA in the fourth, which is 
performing quite well. We've redeployed from New York to Washington for an area-based [ph] specific service relative 
to Beijing will come out of a domestic deployment of that wide-body. So, I would say around the edges, we still have 
some opportunity to move moderate amounts capacity from domestic to international and we will always continue to 
re-optimize the international fleet to its fullest earnings potential. Then we estimate additional changes coming forward 
in that regard. 

<Q - Michael Linenberg>: Okay. Very good. Then, I guess my next question to Tague. Tague, you talked about not 
being a cash taxpayer for sometime and you talked about a large NOL, can you give us a better sense of the size of that 
NOL, I mean a ballpark number if it is available? 

<A - John Tague>: As of the end of the third quarter and we haven't done all the tax accounting for the fourth quarter. 
As of the end of the third quarter the NOL was right around $8 billion net of cancellation of indebtedness income. So, 
it's quite a substantial number. 

<Q - Michael Linenberg>: Yes. Very good, thank you. 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: Thank you, Michael. 

Operator 

Your next question will come from the line of Gary Chase representing Lehman Brothers. Please proceed. 

<Q - Gary Chase>: Good morning guys. Thanks. 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: Hi, Gary. 

<Q - Gary Chase>: Could I just – can I just go back to follow-up on some of the questions that I think it was David 
Strine was asking around revenue, obviously the $95 million deferred revenue you took in the fourth quarter was a 
huge one. You say that's going to continue into the first quarter, is there any sense as we look at it today of what the 
magnitude of that is, I mean are we looking at another $95 million impact in the quarter. Is there anyway to know what 
you're thinking on that front? 

<A - Frederic Brace>: We haven't – we didn't publish that number and were a little bit hesitant to forecast it. But it is a 
number that is of the similar magnitude. It's a – it's all deferred revenue, it's all non-cash, it is just an accounting entry 
but it is of that sort of magnitude until we get to annualize it. But we will disclose what the number was certainly in the 
first quarter release so you can do it and as we work through the details of the forecasting, we will try to get something 
out there more definitive than what I just said. But it is of the same order of magnitude. 

<A - John Tague>: As Jake I think alluded to, we don't think this is very indicative of core performance when you 
look through it. But we do believe this is the right way to look at the income impact of these programs and while it is 
not comparable, it is causing us to continue to become more commercially disciplined around these programs which is 


directionally what we think should occur in the industry. 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: I think John said exactly, Gary, what I would add to Jake's comments is, we are focused on 
making the right decisions. We'll take the frustration of the accounting treatment as it comes but the message we like to 
convey to you on the call is we really are focused on making what we believe to be the proper decisions. 

<Q - Gary Chase>: Right, understood. I mean, I think people will look through the non-cash aspect, I'm just trying to 
get a sense of the size of it, and if I could ask you to follow-up a little further as well John as you followed up on that 
question, you mentioned core performance being similar in terms of RASM gain in the first quarter to the fourth. I 
mean are you predicting that core RASM will be up in that mid-single digit range, the 5%, 6% range in the first quarter 
after we – or before you take whatever the adjustments are in the deferred revenue account, etcetera? 

<A - John Tague>: Well, let me clarify it. I don't think that I said it would be similar to the core [ph]. What I suggested 
was, I think when you look through our core performance, it was quite competitive with the industry then we would not 
expect on that same basis for it to be anything other than competitive in the first. So, we are clearly not providing 
guidance around that, but as we said we are comfortable that we are going to see RASM growth for the full-year. I 
think there is some cloudiness across the industry as to order of magnitude right now and clearly we see the opportunity 
for ourselves to be very focused on managing our peak performance in the second and third quarters effectively, that's 
where the opportunity around this capacity discipline really avails itself to us. So we don't see any underlying change in 
the basic stability of the revenue. 

<A - John Tague>: I think that's probably the message we are trying to convey, I said it in my opening. We are 
optimistic across the margin as we look out into 2007 and that's two significant components right now. Number one is 
the advance bookings reflective of the economy as the economy seems to be presenting itself to us and 2007 is an 
opportunity to act together with the fact that we are optimistic and confident that we're going to continue to realize the 
benefits of our initiatives as Pete described. So, we're going to do the work and we're going to do so in the year that we 
are not pessimistic about it. 

<A - Peter McDonald>: Yes. I would note that in the first and second quarter of last year as I said, we had a 
low-to-mid teen year-over-year improvement in the domestic system. So, the fact that we can look forward with 
confidence around those numbers is encouraging. We are seeing very good international performance and I think that 
will continue to be focused and emphasize of the company. We have been redeploying capacity direction over there for 
some time, and around the edges you will see us continue to do that, but very robust performance across the 
international entities. 

<Q - Gary Chase>: Okay, I thought that was the message that you are trying to convey, but I wanted to clarify the way 
you answered that question, it sounded like maybe you were thinking mid-single digits, just one last very quick one. 
The non-cash stuff, could you just a remind us Jake, how much of that falls out of the equation in '07 versus '06. 
Memory serves it's around hundred million, is that accurate? Your burden on the non-cash side goes down this year, 
does it not? 

<A - Frederic Brace>: If you separate it into revenue and expense, since we will talk about the expense for a second, 
we haven't provided any exclusive guidance for one of the pieces of it is 123 (R) expense, which – it does go down 
quite significantly year-over-year. We're going to – I don't think we have provided any public guidance on that. Yes, 
but it's a significant number. 

<Q - Gary Chase>: And if for 2006, that was well north of hundred million, right? 

<A - Frederic Brace>: 2006 numbers, my memory serves was a $159 million. 

<Q - Gary Chase>: Got it. Thanks very much guys. 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: Thank you Gary. 


Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Robert Barry representing Goldman Sachs. Please proceed. 

<Q - Robert Barry>: Hi, good morning guys. 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: Hi, good morning. 

<Q - Robert Barry>: Question on the CASM, I realized that you lowered the ASM growth outlook and that is 
accounting for some of it to be up, but it seems like that might only account for about a-third of the increase versus the 
prior guidance, which I think was the keep at flat. So, I was wondering what else was happening there? 

<A - Frederic Brace>: The preliminary guidance we gave you was obviously before we had completed our planning 
process for 2007 and we tried to caveat it that way. I think the biggest contributor to our changing reputation was in 
fact the ASM change that we made. The environment is not a lot different than we have been telling you all along. We 
continue to see cost pressures in maintenance and that will continue into 2007. We continue to see cost pressures at the 
airport, airports like Los Angeles tremendously increasing their rates are putting pressure on us and the landing fees as 
well at the airport. So, those are the things that we were over coming in the process and we are challenging the team to 
do better, but the biggest change from what we told you before was in fact the ASM change. 

<Q - Robert Barry>: Okay. And you mentioned that there were to favorable insurance settlements and other, can you 
quantify how much that was? 

<A - Frederic Brace>: We will look at doing that in the offline. They were – they were meaningful enough to mention. 
I don't think either one of them is material, but we'll look to do that offline. 

<Q - Robert Barry>: Okay and then just a – another follow-up on the revenue, I know you had mentioned, I think it 
was the last quarter about 100 million revenue opportunity from some of the remedy initiatives. Any update of that? I 
was tracking. 

<A - Frederic Brace>: I think you may be referring to our Economy Plus hubs, where we restepped the target from a 
target of 50 million in '06, which we did exceed to a target of 100 million in ' 07, and we are fully confident that we 
will exceed that, and we know that there is more to pursue beyond that for 2008. 

<Q - Robert Barry>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Frederic Brace>: Thank you Eric. 

Operator 

The next question comes from the line of Jamie Baker, representing JPMorgan. Please proceed. 

<Q - Jamie Baker>: Yes, good morning everybody. 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: Hi, Jamie. 

<Q - Jamie Baker>: And continuing on the line of questioning set forth by I think David and Gary, and apologies if 
you already answered this, but I had to drop off the call. I am wondering in which specific month of the quarter you 
took the revenue readjustment, only in hopes that I can reconcile the impact on the ATA monthly figures with the 95 
million all in December, or was it spread equally over the three months of the quarter, for example? 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: I think it was mostly in December, Gary there were some in each of the quarters. But – Jamie, I 
am sorry. And I think most of it was in December. We do book some every month but we did the bigger adjustment in 
December. 

<Q - Jamie Baker>: Okay, that is very helpful. And do you plan to make a reconciliations of – based on the new 
standard what your 2006 actual mainline RASM was? 


<A - Glenn Tilton>: We have disclosed in our release what the quarterly non-cash adjustments were to revenue, if that 
helps. 
<Q - Jamie Baker>: Yes. That should do it. 


<A - Glenn Tilton>: We haven't sort of recalculated the RASM as we did with a 5.9, but I think the math's is pretty -<
Q - Jamie Baker>: Yes. And I can follow up with Robert if necessary. Okay thanks a lot. I will turn it over to 
somebody else. 


<A - Glenn Tilton>: And we disclose that in each of the quarter releases, so you want to pick up the two prior periods 
as well. 
<Q - Jamie Baker>: Sounds good. Thanks. 
<A - Glenn Tilton>: Thanks Jamie. 


Operator 

The next question comes from the line of Helane Becker, representing the Benchmark Company. Please proceed. 
<Q - Helane Becker>: Thanks operator. Hi, everybody. 
<A - Frederic Brace>: Hi, Helane. 
<Q - Helane Becker>: So, Jake, just one point of clarification. You don't have to pay AMT on taxes; you just have an 


entire credit for the NOLs? 


<A - Frederic Brace>: That is why – when I said it, I said no material taxes. So, you do have to – you can only 
exclude 90% of your AMT taxes, so you do have a 2% cash tax obligation, but I don't think that is really material. 
<Q - Helane Becker>: No, it is not. I just wanted to be sure that I understood that correctly, thank you. And then as we 


are looking forward to some of the comments that you made with respect to the cost pressures on maintenance and 


some of the other line items, how should we be thinking about that? Is there in terms of the seasonal pattern to it? 
<A - Frederic Brace>: Well, we gave you at first quarter guidance and you can see that we are expecting CASM to be 
down in the first quarter and then it sort of builds through the year to get to the full-year guidance. So the cost increases 
are a little bit back-end loaded. 

<Q - Helane Becker>: Okay. Great. Thank you for the results [ph]. 
<A - Frederic Brace>: You bet. 

Operator 

The next question comes from the line of Raymond Neidl representing Calyon Securities. Please proceed. 
<Q - Raymond Neidl>: Jake you talked about the three storms cost you about $40 million in less revenue and you 


mentioned a little bit about the cost excluding fuel, do you have that estimate with the fuel savings and without the fuel 
savings? 
<A - Frederic Brace>: I'm sorry. With the fuel savings and without the fuel savings? 
<Q - Raymond Neidl>: Just a rough estimate if you have that. 
<A - Frederic Brace>: It's not a big number. The non-fuel extra cost was if my memory serves, 4, $5 million and the 


fuel savings I believe was 12. 



<Q - Raymond Neidl>: Okay. So it's mostly revenue type of a problem. 

<A - Frederic Brace>: Yes, mainly revenue. I think the net of the sort of operating effect was about $30 million, 30 or 
$31 million. 

<Q - Raymond Neidl>: Okay, great. And with the, you are pretty optimistic on the business going into this year, it 
sounds like as other airlines and that is probably being reflected in the upward trend towards the stock prices. I'm just 
wondering, even though you have a large cash balance, you are going to be accessing the equity markets? 

<A - Frederic Brace>: We made our balance sheet – I'm sorry, Glenn is. We are approaching life a little bit differently 
than some of our competitors. We have an excess cash balance. We recognize as other people do, we need to repair our 
balance sheets. We are doing that out of our cash balance and that is our focus. We don't have any plans to tap the 
equity market. So I think to the first part of your question which I think is actually more important we do see the 
fundamentals in the industry is very solid. You have a fuel environment it is very – it is much better than it has been, 
the capacity environment remains good, demand environment while may be not seeing the kind of year-over-year 
increase we have seen before is still very solid. So we are encouraged by the fundamentals and we don't have a lot of 
capacity out there. We don't have a lot of cash that we have to pay and so, we are looking to generate a lot of cash this 
year. 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: I think greater point is that – to get Peter [ph] into the conversation, everybody in the room that 
can participate, not only are we bullish on the fundamentals as Jake just said a moment ago the opportunity for us to 
perform we're bullish on the impact of our work. We really think that we have an opportunity in 2007 to leverage the 
initiatives that John and Peter other mentioned to you in an environment that is the environment that we like to find 
ourselves and to leverage work. 

<Q - Raymond Neidl>: Okay. Great. Thank you very much. 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: You bet. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Daniel McKenzie representing Credit Suisse. Please proceed. 

<Q - Daniel McKenzie>: Hi, good morning. Jake, just a couple of questions here. On the 8 billion of NOLs, is there 
anything out there that as of today that could impair any of these NOLs? 

<A - Frederic Brace>: Well, you have to be very mindful of the rules related to change of control as they apply to 
NOLs and we have put things in our charter to deal with that. So we are hopeful that our NOLs go way through 
generating lots of the pre-tax income and not any other way. So, we are very focused on the things that can make NOLs 
go away and have no plans to trip over them. 

<Q - Daniel McKenzie>: Sure. And then the $2 billion refinancing that you finally do here in early February, can you 
provide some perspective on how that's going to impact net interest expense in our model as we go through this year, at 
least some kind of range? 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: We were out in the marketplace right now with 150 basis point reduction on the rate, so that will 
reduce interest expense a lot, obviously will reduce interest income. Also, we think the net of those two runs right about 
$5 million a month. So net interest expense will improve, we think by about $5 million a month depending on what the 
actual execution is out there. 

<Q - Daniel McKenzie>: Okay, good. And then one last question here. Pardon me, Glenn, it hears [ph] that 
congressional rumblings while – these congressional rumblings are suggesting that Congress may be prepared to put 
this [indiscernible] to industry consolidation, and I am just wondering what kind of read are you getting from your 
congressional sources, and how should investors interpret the headline news with or probably get over the next couple 


of days? 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: We will have an interesting data point tomorrow, and we will be watching the hearing to get a 
sense of attitude [ph] just as you will be, and the nature of the questions. But I think that the assembled group tomorrow 
would probably give a very balanced report out as witnesses to the issue. The questions may be someone in lighting as 
well. But I don't interpret it yet the way that you described it. I think that they are open-minded. I think the issues have 
been pretty well characterized. Is it in fact good to the consumer, is it in fact good for communities that need continued 
service, will the stronger companies that come out of the consolidated environment be better able to serve those two 
issues, attend to those two issues? I think that is really going to be the theme of the discussion. Or are there any kind of 
consequences or consolidation that are negative. So I think that the hearing that opens up tomorrow is going to be 
illustrative. And I'm not pessimistic about it. 

<Q - Daniel McKenzie>: Okay, great. Thanks very much. 

Operator 

Your next question will come from the line of Kevin Crissey representing UBS. 

<Q - Kevin Crissey>: Good morning every body. Just a quick one. I wanted to see if you had any thoughts regarding 
an impact on the potential DA strike, would there be any – would you see any benefit of that? 

<A - John Tague>: Yes, we would certainly expect – it is John here. We would certainly expect to see a moderate 
benefit from that particularly at this time of the year when we have available capacity for all comers. 

<Q - Kevin Crissey>: And you don't have any of that factored in any of them? 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: No, I don't think it is going to be material. 

<Q - Kevin Crissey>: Okay, thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question will come from the line of Roger King [ph] representing Credit Suisse. Please proceed. 

<Q>: Hi, folks. Given you are bullish out, all that gone, capacity and demand, what are your long-range plans for 
pushing up yields this summer, are you going to hold off seats, or you are going to take the conservative route and sell 
some restricted [ph] seats early? 

<A - John Tague>: John here. It's hard for me to I suppose to strictly [ph] characterize our new management strategy, 
but I think clearly in this environment the biggest opportunity we have as we saw over the holidays and Christmas is to 
responsibly manage our capacity in the peaks, these are strong performance periods for United, so I would that expect 
you should see us take full commercial advantage of that. 

<Q>: Okay. So, basically if you, say have some periods, you will not be pre-sell us seats months early then in general? 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: As I said, we had very sophisticated systems around this issue and we fully recognized that 
opportunity that we are presented with in the peak periods, and as we have in the past we will take advantage of that. 

<Q>: Thank you, sir. 

Operator 

Thank you ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the analysts and investors portion of our call today. Before we take 
questions from the media, I would now like to turn the call back to Mr. Tilton for closing comments. 


<A - Glenn Tilton>: Thanks very much. We appreciate all of the questions. The entire team here does, as we have said 
2007 is going to be a pivotal year for United. The management team is going to have the opportunity with our 
employees to build on the capacity foundation that we created. We are going to consistently put the customer in the 
middle of our decision-making, its core to our strategy. We are going to deliver on customer expectation to be as 
efficient as we possibly can be, and sure that we are cost effective as we provide that service to our customers. And 
we're going to focus on margin leadership, as a metric that we share with the ourselves, our employees, and our Board, 
and of course all of you. So, we are looking very much forward to 2007 as we head into it in a very strong position. 
Thanks for your participation on the call today. Operator, we are now ready to take questions if you are from the media. 

Operator 

We will now take calls from the media. As a reminder, if you would like to ask a question please press star one on your 
touchtone telephone. Your first question will come from the line of Susan Carey, representing Wall Street Journal. 
Please proceed. 

<Q - Susan Carey>: Good morning. I think this is a – probably a question for Jake. I am, king of [indiscernible] on 
accounting. I'm just trying to get like some of the important facts about what the unusuals you had in the quarter. You 
had the 40 million revenue impact from the storms, you had the 95 million revenue impact from the new wave of 
accounting from mileage plus. And then you had a 39 million income-tax benefits. Is that kind of the most important 
three numbers? 

<A - Frederic Brace>: One of them was cash, the Denver issue was cash. 

<Q - Susan Carey>: Right. 

<A - Frederic Brace>: The other two were non-cash. But also we had a significant non-cash expense here as well that 
we have been seeing in each quarter. So, our non-cash expense here was $65 million at the operating line and then an 
additional 10 million below the line. So, you add all that up and we had well over a $150 million of non-cash charges to 
pre-tax income and then all of the tax is also non-cash or not all of it but 90% of it – 98%. 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: 98%. 

<A - Frederic Brace>: 98%. 

<Q - Susan Carey>: So, again sorry to be a dope, when I look at these fabulous chart with the unfavorable and 
favorable items, the main take-aways are basically 150 million in non-cash. 

<A - Frederic Brace>: 170, if you add up the entire chart. 

<Q - Susan Carey>: Okay. 170 million in non-cash, and then the storm? 

<A - Frederic Brace>: Storm is cash. 

<Q - Susan Carey>: Cash. 

<A - Frederic Brace>: But $30 million. 

<Q - Susan Carey>: Right. 

<A - Frederic Brace>: In income. 

<Q - Susan Carey>: Right. And so, I should really ignore the $39 million income tax benefit because you didn't have 
any of that the year before or is that material from my thinking? 

<A - Frederic Brace>: The tax is all non-cash. So I think – the important thing in running any business is generating 
cash and so that is why we tried to provide all these non-cash numbers that people can see the kind of cash we are 
generating, and we are generating a lot of cash. We generated nearly $300 million of cash in the fourth quarter on an 


operating basis. 

<Q - Susan Carey>: Okay. 

<A - Frederic Brace>: And that is our seasonally weakest quarter. So we think the business is running pretty well. 

<Q - Susan Carey>: Okay. Super. Thank you. 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: Thank you, Susan. 

Operator 

The next question comes from the line of Eric Torbenson representing the Bloomberg News. Please proceed. 

<Q - Eric Torbenson>: Good morning folks. How are you doing? 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: We are doing good. 

<Q - Eric Torbenson>: Mr. Tilton, I just wanted to ask – Doug Parker just was talking to us this morning about what 
is happening with his bid for Delta and essentially told us that they are not successful in I guess proceeding with Delta 
that he believes the industry consolidation is over. I guess about reviewing the specifics of what your strategy might be 
for consolidation, could you just react to that and give us your thoughts about whether or not consolidation in fact 
might not move at all if Delta is somehow not – couldn't fly by US Airways or something else? 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: Since we have been talking about the benefits of consolidation to the industry well before the new 
US Air existed, I would think that the imperative would be no less so if this new US Air hostile initiative relating to 
Delta were to fail. 

<A - Graham Atkinson>: So that doesn't change the underlying conditions that you had spoken to rely, don't think it 
changes the underlying condition that I've spoken to for several years. 

<Q - Eric Torbenson>: And secondly and real quickly, John, why don't you just talk about revenue in terms of – you 
said the international revenue is very, very strong across all your international sides, is there any one unit area that was 
particularly robust? 

<A - John Tague>: I think we are seeing very solid progress across the entity. We have got our assets allocated 
appropriately between the respective entities. So, we're seeing very even performance internationally and I think that's 
what we expect to see going forward. 

<Q - Eric Torbenson>: Thanks very much. 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question will come from the line of Doug Cameron representing Financial Times. Please proceed. 

<Q - Doug Cameron>: Good morning folks. I think I'm even worse with numbers than Susan, so I will stay away from 
any of that sort of thing. A question that is directed at probably both Glenn and Pete, I'm just specking on the 
consolidation side, do you think either in the hearings or on the hill that could be any sort of international dimension to, 
shall we say, permitting consolidation. I think, Glenn, you have been pointing both fair levels and rural services 
obviously, as key talking points for Congress. But does that have a sort of broader international competitiveness of the 
US airline industry also factored into this? 

<A - Peter McDonald>: I think it does and I think that we will likely hear some testimony to that effect that, Doug, the 
industry is consolidating constructively and accretively in Europe and the industry is consolidating in the Pacific. I 


think that we will hear mention of that on occasion it has gotten I think a little bit sidetracked in the discussion by its 
inclusion in the Open Sky's negotiation in the issue of foreign ownership. 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: Yes. 

<A - Peter McDonald>: And that we are all making change and I don't think that it need to be. At the end of the day, 
the issue is exactly the one that you point to and that is global competitiveness. 

<Q - Doug Cameron>: I think it is something that Pete brought up in his speech in Northwest that I saw last year, and 
just arguably have – the US industry has lost its way a little bit while others although it is consolidated, would you 
agree that the industry has kind of lost its way or needs consolidation to help regain competitiveness? 

<A - Peter McDonald>: The point that we have consistently made is that the aircraft orders or growth are clearly 
coming for the new technology aircraft, they are all coming from offshore airlines. 

<Q - Doug Cameron>: Got you. A quick follow-up if I may and again completely sideways, we have some rumblings 
at American with regards to labor relation's claim made last weekend perhaps directly tied to management 
compensation. You have had your own ups and downs there, could you sort of characterize the whether there is any 
discussions on the labor front at the moment. I know none of the contracts are open for a couple of years yet, but how 
would you characterize labor relations at United at present? 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: I think that all of our discussions are focused with all of the employee groups on realizing the 
operating objectives that we have set for ourselves for 2007 and we've shared it with you on the call. 

<Q - Doug Cameron>: Great. Thanks very much. 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: You bet. 

Operator 

The next question will come from the line of Ashley Heher representing the Associated Press. Please proceed. 

<Q - Ashley Heher>: Good morning guys. You said you have the $23 million operating profit for the year accounting 
that one-time $6 million gain. When was the last time you had a full-year operating profit? 
<A - Frederic Brace>: Ashley, the – we had a $23 million operating profit in the fourth quarter. 
<Q - Ashley Heher>: Oh, I'm sorry, in the fourth quarter? 
<A - Frederic Brace>: And so that, but that was the first time since 2000 that we had an operating profit like that in 


the fourth quarter. 
<Q - Ashley Heher>: Got you. Thank you. 


Operator 

Your next question will come from the line of Padraic Cassidy [ph] representing MarketWatch. Please proceed. 

<Q - Padraic Cassidy>: Good morning. 

<A - Frederic Brace>: Good morning. 

<Q - Padraic Cassidy>: I think it was Pete that mentioned that you guys has seen a 10% increase in the number of 
checked baggage's since August and he said you guys were looking for ways to mitigate that. Did he mean the cost 
associated with that or actually getting people to change the way they bring bags to the airport and move through the 
security? 


<A - Peter McDonald>: So Padraic what that means it's the number of bags per passenger checked has gone up by 
10%. It does impact our costs because we have to handle more and transfer more and we are looking at a number of 
ways to handle these bags in a more cost-efficient manner, but it is clearly, particularly over these holiday periods 
where bags per-passenger ratios increase. This has increased at a faster rate and that is definitely a challenge that we are 
going to need to address better as we go into 2007. 

<Q - Padraic Cassidy>: Right. It didn't sound like there was much room given what the TSA wants for you to change 
the way people are checking bags? 

<A - Peter McDonald>: Well we are – I mean the TSA has made a prudent adjustment with allowing a certain amount 
of liquids that has mitigated the increase in checked baggage and they were accretive [ph] into that, but nevertheless, 
this increase remains and we're going to have to deal with it. 

<Q - Padraic Cassidy>: Fine, and just one quick direct question. You said you had more cash that is optional, wouldn't 
that be an advantage if we are going to start seeing airlines coming together consolidating you know having enough 
cash to do something or being looking at United more attractive? 

<A - Frederic Brace>: Well, let me answer that in a couple of different ways. This is Jake Brace. You don't want to 
carry more cash than you have to because that cost your money. And so we obviously want to minimize the amount of 
cash that we carry because that minimizes our interest expense. We have and airlines had recently held a lot more cash 
than they historically have because of their access to the capital markets was limited. We feel very comfortable that we 
have solid access to the capital markets, and in my remarks earlier, I mentioned that as part of our refinancing we're 
going to free up a bunch of collateral from the exit facility, which if we needed a user to raise some additional money 
we will be able to do that. So, we are very comfortable that we can reduce our cash balance, it is a prudent thing to do 
and reducing the cash balance won't have any effect on whether we engage in a consolidation transaction or not. 

<Q - Padraic Cassidy>: Okay, thanks. 

Operator 

Your next question will come from the line of Mary Whoznuasky[ph] representing Chicago Sun-Times. Please 
proceed. 

<Q>: Hello, thanks for taking the question. Can you hear me? 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: Hi, Mary. Yes, we hear you. 

<Q>: Hi, sorry. Just – the fuel is – oil is down to I think $53 a barrel, but it is still higher than it used to be and I was 
wondering if there are any new oil conservation initiatives at the airline plans for 2007, or if we save this as far as we 
can go without buying new planes? 

<A - Peter McDonald>: No, we continue to be very focused on fuel conservation in terms of lightning, the weight on 
aircraft, reducing taxi out times, reducing our auxiliary power units on aircraft during stay at the gate overnight and this 
continues to be a major focus of us to reduce consumption, obviously the price is something that Jake talked about from 
a hedging standpoint, but airport operations, flight operations, maintenance are all very focused on these initiatives to 
reduce consumption. 

<Q>: Okay, thank you. 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: Thank you, Mary. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Kelly Yamanouchi representing Denver Post. Please proceed. 


<Q - Kelly Yamanouchi>: Hi, there. I was just wondering of the $40 million revenue impact from the storms, how 


much of that was Denver? 
<A - Glenn Tilton>: Vast majority of it was Denver. It is a two-day shutdown there accounted for the vast majority of 
it. I don't know the number off the top of my head, maybe 30 of the 40 was Denver. 


<Q - Kelly Yamanouchi>: Okay, thank you. 
<A - Robert Sahadevan>: Thank you, Kelly. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Paul Merrion representing Crain's Chicago Business. Please proceed. 

<Q - Paul Merrion>: Good morning, I was wondering if you could give us an update on your current thinking about 
the Ohio project because of the recent cost overruns and the airline's reluctance to finance that through guaranteed 
bonds? 

<A - Frederic Brace>: This is Jake. Yes, we remain a supporter of the Ohio modernization project. We have, 
obviously the public – publicly said that we disagree with a little bit of the approach that is going on there in the 
funding out there. We think that there are opportunities to find other cost reductions and to keep the project within its 
budget without putting an added burden on airlines and their passengers. So, we're very much a supporter of the 
project, we just like to see it coming at the budget that we all agreed on. 

<Q - Paul Merrion>: And seeing that a key factor in agreeing to go forward with the rest of the project? 

<A - Frederic Brace>: Well, the – we will keep those conversations in the room with the city and will be suffice to say 
that we are a supporter of the project. We think that Ohio needs extra capacity very badly, and like Pete told you about 
their shutdown, the reduction in the arrival rate during the O'Hare storm in early December is an indication that we 
need more runway capacity out there. So, we are very, very supportive of it. We just focused on it coming in at budget. 

<Q - Paul Merrion>: Okay. Thanks. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Aaron Karp, representing Air Transport World. Please proceed. 
<Q - Aaron Karp>: Yes. You mentioned the baggage increase -<
A - Glenn Tilton>: Yes. Still there, Aaron? Operator, I think we have lost Aaron. 
<Q - Aaron Karp>: Hello? 
<A - Glenn Tilton>: Aaron? 
<A - Peter McDonald>: Okay, Aaron, we lost you there for a second. 
<Q - Aaron Karp>: Can you hear me now? 
<A - Glenn Tilton>: Yes. 
<A - Peter McDonald>: We can. 
<Q - Aaron Karp>: Very good. You had mentioned the baggage increase and how you are looking for ways to deal 


with that. Have you figured out how much costs are associated with bags and are you considering any sort of fees per 
checked bag? 


<A - Glenn Tilton>: Well, Aaron, the costs, I wouldn't say are material to our results, but they are up. And we're 
looking at a full range of opportunities to mitigate the costs, which is both – a man power cost and it does tend to drive 
mishandling costs as well. And so, we're looking at a full range of options. 

<Q - Aaron Karp>: And do you want to comment on all whether any sort of fee system may be considered? 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: Well that would be included in full range. 

<Q - Aaron Karp>: Okay. 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: But, we have got to look at capacity, and our baggage capacity, and our transfer processes for full 
range. 

<A - Peter McDonald>: I think [indiscernible]. 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: Yes. One of the challenges that Pete speaks here in and he is – it's particularly difficult for us any 
regular operations. When you take these two situations, say the storms that we had in December and you converged the 
challenge of holiday bags. And you think through the fact – the holiday bags are incremental but so are the bags 
associated with the new TSA processes. It all came together to create quite a challenge for our ground staff. 

<Q - Aaron Karp>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: You bet. 

<A - Frederic Brace>: Thank you all for joining us this morning and we will speak with you again next quarter. 

Operator 

Thank you ladies and gentlemen. This concludes our call today. You may disconnect your lines at this time. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2010, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


