Q1 2007 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Robert Sahadevan, Managing Director, Investor Relations 
• Glenn F. Tilton, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• Frederic F. (Jake) Brace, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
• John P. Tague, Executive Vice President and Chief Revenue Officer 
Other Participants 

• Gary Chase 
• Peter McDonald 
• Lily Ng 
• Robert Barry 
• Jamie Baker 
• Frank Boroch 
• William Greene 
• William Mastoris 
• Mark Streeter 
• Ray Neidl 
• Dave Carpenter 
• Kyle Peterson 
• Mary Schlangenstein 
• Chris Walsh 
• Kelly Yamanouchi 
• Ted Reed 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning and welcome to UAL Corporation's earnings conference call for the first quarter of 2007. My name is 
Danielle, and I will be your conference facilitator today. Following opening remarks from UAL's management, there 
will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator instructions] Please note that it cannot be recorded, transcribed or 
rebroadcast without UAL's permission. [Operator instructions] 

I will now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. Robert Sahadevan. Please proceed. 

Robert Sahadevan, Managing Director, Investor Relations 

Thank you, Danielle. Welcome to UAL's first quarter earnings conference call. The earnings announcement was 
released earlier this morning, and is available on our website. After our prepared remarks, we will open the lines to 
questions from analysts and investors. Following the end of the investor Q&A at approximately noon Eastern Time, we 
will take questions from the media. 


Let me point out that statements in the press release and those made during this conference call may contain various 
forward-looking statements, which represent the company's expectations, or beliefs concerning future events. All 
forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to the company. A number of factors could 
cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our press release, Form 10-K, and 
other reports filed with the SEC for a more thorough description of these factors. Lastly, during the course of our call 
we will be discussing several non-GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP numbers to 
GAAP financial measures, please refer to our earnings release. 

And now, I would like to turn the call over to Glenn Tilton, UAL's Chairman, President and CEO. 

Glenn F. Tilton, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks very much Robert and good morning and welcome to everybody on the call. Joining me and participating on 
the call today are Jake Brace, our Chief Financial Officer and John Tague, our Chief Revenue Officer. Peter McDonald, 
our Chief Operating Officer is also with us and will be available to take questions after the prepared remarks. 

In the year since we exited Chapter 11, at United we have made significant progress on our performance agenda that 
we have shared with all of you. We are focused on improving our product, our work processes and most importantly, 
our relationship with our best customers. Our financial results are also improving. In this seasonably weak quarter for 
United, our pre-tax loss excluding reorganization items narrowed by some $70 million or 23%, and we generated 38% 
more cash from operations than we did a year ago. While there remains accounting noise in our numbers that obscures 
year-over-year comparisons, our core results show progress on both cost and revenue. 

Our core revenue performance improved year-over-year, after setting aside the change in frequent-flier program 
accounting. In January, we will acknowledge that we added too much capacity into the domestic system, which led us 
to under perform our peers. The storms in February reduced some capacity, and we were back on track in March, 
resulting in a significantly stronger performance, as the quarter ended. 

Advanced bookings for United are solid, running in line with a year ago, while yields remain strong in international 
markets, and weaker in domestic markets. Later on the call after Jake takes us through the financials, John will 
elaborate on the quarter's revenue results and the work under way to continue to drive revenue performance. We 
continue to tightly manage our costs at the company, and our first-quarter CASM results reflect the success in our 
efforts to do so. Many of you have asked about other opportunities for further cost improvement at United. 

I will highlight a couple of projects underway that are representative of the multiple cross-functional initiatives that run 
the full spectrum of work we have underway across the company. For example, our aircraft utilization rate is among the 
highest in the US industry, up 12% since 2002. Our operations research and schedule planning teams work together for 
further improvement in relation to our international fleeting and routing, balancing customer schedules, operational 
factors, increased scheduling. We can now fly the existing schedule with one less aircraft. We will use this additional 
$150 million asset to further expand international service. 

A similar partnership between the operations research and airport teams to redesign employees' shifts resulted in 
improved efficiency in O'Hare operations. This provides the company with more flexibility in handling irregular 
operations and reduces our overtime cost. Cost saving at O'Hare translates to about $3 million a year. We are now 
pursuing similar work at all of our other domestic hubs, so we get the multiplier effect of the work that originates at 
O'Hare. 

In addition, we have initiated business education training for all of our employees at the company that will drive 
sustainable focus on continuous improvement. We here to educate our employees in the way forward. In what is the 
most comprehensive employee training program at United in many years, our employees attend two full days of 
training. All attend the first day which covers the economics of our business and our strategy. United's business model 
and the drivers of financial performance are included and we stress the need to balance the interest of customers, 
shareholders, and employees. The second day is focused on customer service for our customer facing employees or 


leadership skills for our management employees. This training is designed to be interactive and to encourage candid 
dialogue and interaction. 

The work we have done so far has put us in a significantly improved financial position, enabling United to generate 
significant free cash flow. We are using that cash to good advantage, to improve our balance sheet and preserve our 
strategic options. This quarter, we reduced total debt by some $1.4 billion and we are making the capital investment 
necessary to keep United competitive, including important investment in our cabin interiors. 

As we have previously shared with you, our current capital plan funds a major upgrade to first in business class cabins 
and we will put the first refurbished aircraft into service this fall. As you all know on the call, our fleet is 
comparatively, relatively young. And the first aircraft we would replace are our Boeing 737s, which we expect to 
perform for us for the next eight to ten years. This unique position provides us an advantage and enables us to hold off 
on ordering any 737 replacement aircraft until we see if next generation narrow body aircraft will be developed and 
offered to the marketplace. 

As we continue to focus on our performance agenda and on improving United's competitiveness, we believe it is also 
important to press forward to address the regulatory and infrastructure challenges that impede the development of a 
strong US aviation sector. As you all know, we have long been a strong supporter of international deregulation. We 
support the US-EU Open Skies agreement, as it opens up markets to competition. We do not believe that protecting 
markets from competition is a sustainable strategy for long-term success for any company and certainly not for us. John 
will speak further to this in his remarks. 

As to infrastructure challenges, aircraft traffic control modernization and funding are clearly critical issues that have to 
be resolved in a manner that will ensure the competitiveness of the industry in the United States and benefit customers 
who were severely impacted personally and commercially, through loss of time and productivity. And that said, United 
will continue to focus on increasing our own operational reliability within this very difficult and challenging 
environment. At the company today, despite the need for us to experience the first quarter which is seasonably for us, 
we're executing against our performance agenda with an eye on a multi-year target. We are controlling our costs, we're 
driving revenue growth and we are enhancing our customer experience while generating significant free cash flow. 

With that as an introduction, I'll hand the call over to Jake and he will take you through the detail of the numbers. Jake, 
over to you. 

Frederic F. (Jake) Brace, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks, Glenn and good morning everyone. As Glenn mentioned, our fundamental performance remains strong. We 
have reduced our costs, improved revenues, generated cash and used that cash responsibly. In the first quarter, while we 
booked a loss we maintained the momentum we've built since our exit. Our net loss in this seasonally weak quarter was 
$152 million or $1.32 per share based on weighted average shares of 117 million. Our first-quarter net loss also 
includes an income tax benefit of 84 million. As a reminder, income tax expense should be viewed primarily as a 
non-cash item. Due to our large NOL's, we anticipate only paying minimal cash taxes for the foreseeable future. 

At the pre-tax level, our loss this quarter of $236 million was lower by 23% or $70 million year-over-year excluding 
reorganization items last year. This improvement was driven by strong cost controls, offset by somewhat slower 
revenue growth and the change to our frequent flyer accounting policy. Because of the effects of fresh-start and exit 
related accounting, we continue to stress that cash generation is an important story for United. Cash performance in the 
first quarter continued to be strong. We generated 626 million in cash from operations, up 38% from the comparable 
period last year. This continues the trend of strong generation of operating cash flow which totaled about 1.6 billion in 
2006. During the quarter we used the cash we generated internally to pay down nearly $1 billion of our original $3 
billion exit facility and refinanced the remaining $2 billion. The transaction will save us approximately $70 million in 
net annual interest costs, gave us less restrictive covenants and released approximately $2.5 billion of collateral. 


During the quarter we also spent $68 million on capital expenditures and 331 million for other debt and capital lease 
payments in addition to our early pay down of the exit facility. We ended the quarter with total debt, including off 
balance sheet capitalized aircraft rents, and municipal debt, of 12.5 billion, a reduction of 1.4 billion from the end of 
last year. I'm pleased to report that our cash balance remains strong at 4.2 billion as of the end of the quarter, which 
included 856 million of restricted cash. All in all, a strong demonstration that we are executing against our performance 
agenda. 

In prior quarters, we have pointed out that our reported earnings include a number of non-cash fresh-start and exit 
related charges and have attempted to identify these impacts for investors since they do obscure some fundamental 
year-over-year improvements and negatively affect comparisons to some of our competitors. This is the case again this 
quarter. All the details can be found in the tables to our earnings release and also posted on our website. But one of the 
largest effects is that at exit United switched to the deferred revenue method for our frequent-flier accounting from the 
incremental cost method. United and Air Canada are the only major North American carriers that follow this method, 
although it has been proposed as the international standard by the IASB. 

Under the deferred revenue approach a portion of ticket revenue is deferred and recognized when the awarded miles 
associated with that ticket are redeemed. This approach lowers revenue recognition in the current period, increases 
seasonality and it is more volatile. Despite this, we believe that applying this accounting treatment is preferable to the 
alternative methods used by others. This accounting change cost us $107 million in the first quarter versus the previous 
methodology, and was 94 million worse year-over-year. Both of these numbers include a $28 million benefit from the 
change to the expiration period for miles from 36 to 18 months. 

Three other significant changes affected the quarter's revenue performance. First, other revenue was lower due to lower 
fuel sales to third parties including lower fuel sales to United Express carriers. Second, other revenue also declined as 
we exited some low-margin third-party maintenance work, and third cargo revenue showed a year-over-year decline 
reflecting weaker Pacific freight yield and United ceasing to carry domestic mail as of the end of the second quarter of 
2006. I would note however, earlier this month we announced that we had signed a new higher margin long-term 
contract with the U.S. Post Office to restart carrying domestic mail beginning at the end of this month. The agreement 
extends through 2011 and is expected to generate 15 to $20 million in revenue this year. 

Due to the large changes in other revenues I thought it would be helpful to provide some guidance for this line. We 
expect to record other revenue of approximately 970 to $980 million for the full year 2007 with revenue in the last 
three quarters being roughly evenly spread. Included in that guidance is that we expect UAFC revenue to be under $10 
million in the second quarter and fall into less than $5 million a quarter thereafter. Adjusted for UAFC and Mileage 
Plus accounting effects, first quarter Mainline RASM increased 1.4% year-over-year versus the 2.7% decline we 
reported on a GAAP basis. Consolidated RASM, again adjusted for UAFC and Mileage Plus, increased by 1.0% versus 
the GAAP number, which was down 2.7%. 

On the cost side, we had a few unusual items. We had a special non-cash credit to operating expenses of $22 million 
related to the reduction in the estimated liability related to United's leaseholds at San Francisco and Los Angeles 
International airports. We also recorded a non-cash charge to interest expense of $23 million to expense certain debt 
issuance and financing costs related to the amendment and refinancing of our exit credit facility in February. 
Additionally, the termination of the associated interest-rate swap resulted in a mostly non-cash charge to interest 
expense of $11 million. 

As a company, we continue to be focused on cost management as Glenn mentioned. We believe fundamental 
improvements in how we go about our work will further strengthen our competitive position, while resulting in 
meaningful benefits to customers, investors and employees. To that end, we have further reduced our G&A head count 
increasing the total head count reduction to nearly 1200 from the goal of 1000 we set for ourselves last year. 

As Glenn mentioned, we also had other successes in the cost reduction and efficiency improvement area. We remain 
intensely focused on reducing costs and improving operational execution through the – throughout the organization and 
remain on-track to achieve the additional 265 million of cost savings to fulfill our $400 million cost reduction program. 
Our cost performance this quarter was strong and is evident both in our operating expenses, which are down 4% this 


quarter versus the same quarter of 2006, and in mainline CASM which is down 4.3% year-over-year. Mainline CASM, 
excluding fuel special items, decreased 1.5% while mainline CASM excluding these items and also excluding profit 
sharing programs was down 3.3% from the year-ago quarter coming in better than the guidance that we gave you on the 
fourth quarter call. CASM performance during the quarter would have been even better, if not for the impact of severe 
weather during February and March, which resulted in over 3,500 cancellations and reduced mainline capacity by 
0.6%. We did however benefit in the quarter by approximately $30 million in costs, which we expected to incur in the 
first quarter that will now be incurred in the second quarter and beyond. 

Let me walk you through some of the line-items where we saw significant changes in the quarter. Salaries and related 
costs were 16 million lower than the first quarter of 2006. Lower FAS 123(R) expense was largely offset by higher 
accruals for profit sharing programs. Maintenance was up $22 million. Inflationary increases related to our V2500 
engine maintenance contract had accounted for the majority of the increase, although we expect higher maintenance 
expenses in the third and fourth quarters as we have significantly more aircraft "C" checks and heavy maintenance 
visits scheduled for the back half of the year. Landing fees and other rents were $18 million higher year-over-year due 
to rate increases primarily at O'Hare and Los Angeles. We continue to fight these rent increases, including our recent 
attempt to levy a $10 surcharge on Los Angeles O&D passengers. We also receive a credit of $8 million from O'Hare 
in the first quarter of 2006, which makes the year-over-year comparisons look worse than normal. 

Distribution expenses were better by 13 million or 7% this quarter, reflecting the savings from new contracts with 
online travel agencies and renegotiations with major vendors. Other operating expense was 26 million better this 
quarter, primarily driven by our cost savings initiatives which resulted in advertising expenses being lower by $19 
million. I just mentioned distribution expenses, and you may have noticed, we made a change to our income statement 
this quarter that relates strictly to the geography of certain operating expense items. We wanted to provide more 
transparency around distribution costs. Historically, credit card transaction fees and GDS fees were classified as 
purchased services, while travel agency commissions, including those from online agencies were included in the 
commissions line. Starting this quarter, we are consolidating all three of these items into a new distribution line. We 
have restated prior periods to reflect this change as well. In the first quarter, the company entered into and exercised 
fuel hedges that were classified as economic hedges. We recognized a loss on hedges that settled in the first quarter of 
$3 million, and we also recognized an unrealized mark-to-market gain of $24 million for hedges that will settle in the 
remainder of 2007. All of this was recorded in the fuel line. Including the cost of hedging, average mainline jet fuel 
price including taxes was $1.89 per gallon for the quarter compared with the $1.95 last year. Now, I'll turn the call over 
to John to discuss our revenue. 

John P. Tague, Executive Vice President and Chief Revenue Officer 

Thanks, Jake. The fourth and the first quarters of any year are historically United's weakest. And our performance 
typically lags those of our competitors during this period. This year is no exception. Although as you may recall, last 
year's first quarter revenue results were viewed with some level of disappointment. However, we finished the full year 
in an industry leading position. Our performance in international markets continues to be quite strong, compensating 
for softer domestic performance. We started the quarter with a very weak January performance, primarily as a result of 
simply offering too much domestic capacity, though significant entries by low-cost carriers in key United markets 
year-over-year played a role as well. Our system year-over-year unit revenue performance, adjusted for Mileage Plus, 
improved in February and in March performed above the industry average. First-quarter consolidated PRASM was 
down by three-tenths of a point, while consolidated PRASM adjusted for Mileage Plus increased by 1.9%. 

Mainline PRASM was unchanged and adjusted for Mileage Plus grew by 2.3%. Our consolidated unadjusted results 
were driven by a six-tenths of a point increase in load factor, a 1% lower yield. Similarly, our mainline results were 
driven by a seven-tenths of a point increase in load factor for the quarter with a yield decline also of seven-tenths of a 
point. Adjusted for Mileage Plus, consolidated and mainline yield improved by 1.2% and 1.5% respectively. 

Moving to the geographic region discussion, I will point out that all of the numbers I'm going to discuss here are 
unadjusted for Mileage Plus, and in fact the impact of Mileage Plus tends to impact certain regions more than others. 


For example, in the Pacific we have a very high earn ratio and we don't actually redeem or burn or recognize much 
redemption revenue in the Pacific, so it gets a disproportionate impact. However, our Atlantic performance was 
particularly strong during the quarter and Latin markets also turned in robust double-digit PRASM growth in the 
quarter. Pacific PRASM was relatively flat in January and February, but showed sharp growth in March. 

Unadjusted for Mileage Plus, overall Pacific was up 4%. However, I would remind you that our absolute performance 
in the Pacific tends to be industry leading. The Atlantic had a 10% increase and Latin America had a 16% increase over 
the year-ago quarter. Demand and yield growth continue to be strong internationally and we are particularly 
encouraged by the strength in the Pacific as we head into the peak summer season. Our year-over-year revenue growth 
in the Pacific lagged the industry somewhat, primarily as a result of the Mileage Plus adjustments I discussed, and 
competitors improving relative performance through some key route eliminations. 

The domestic market continues to be soft, primarily due to yield pressure driven by capacity growth in the industry. For 
the quarter on a consolidated system level, industry capacity grew at 1.1% while United's consolidated capacity grew 
modestly at 0.6%. However, in January the industry mainline domestic capacity actually declined by nine-tenths of a 
point while our capacity increased by 2.2%, posing a particular challenge and frankly, one of our own making. While 
we do not report specific results, the effective incursions at hubs by low-cost carriers can be seen from the unit revenue 
results at some of those carriers' recent quarterly reports. We have effectively completed with LCCs all over the 
country and we continue to do so today. 

Domestic pressures particularly affected regional markets where absolute PRASM performance showed a 
year-over-year decline of 4% or a decline of 2% after adjusting for Mileage Plus. These results were driven by yields 
that were 4% lower than the comparable period, which offset the benefit of slightly higher load factors. Longer stage 
lengths and larger aircrafts played a contributing role. However, core performance was solid as the segment improved 
its contribution to the enterprise on a year-over-year basis. We continue to take actions to further optimize our network 
within a fixed fleet by deploying our assets where they can earn the greatest return. Recent examples include the launch 
of our routes from Dulles to Kuwait, Dulles to Beijing, and Dulles to Rome. We are also adding a second daily flight 
between Frankfurt and San Francisco and in June a new service will be introduced between San Francisco and Taipei. 

We are pleased with the initial results and outlook for all of these new services. In addition we redeployed aircraft 
flying from JFK to Tokyo to our Dulles hub to take full advantage of our strength in that market. 

We also took action to eliminate under performing routes, notably Osaka-Chicago, and we recently announced that we 
will eliminate Osaka-Honolulu in the fourth quarter. We are also monitoring the domestic situation and frankly we may 
find it hard to make the case for some of our utilization flying against weakening domestic fundamentals. While we 
have not completed our assessment, it is certainly possible we will be removing some capacity from our domestic 
system in the back-half of the year. Obviously none of these changes will impact the basic competitiveness of our 
domestic network, and we will of course update you as our work progresses. 

Domestic fundamentals are certainly being impacted by excess capacity and some slowing of the economy. However, I 
believe the biggest culprit is undisciplined pricing behavior. Particularly the loss of Saturday-night-stay restrictions, 
weakening advance purchase requirements, and secondary airport LCC pricing polluting primary airport city pairs. 

Glenn has already spoken of our deep-rooted support of Open Skies and international deregulation. However, I would 
like to take just a few minutes to address the additional opportunities that Open Skies affords us by removing current 
bilateral constraints and providing significant scheduling flexibility. 

Many of you have wondered whether the likelihood of increased competition at Heathrow offsets any benefit that 
United might otherwise enjoy from Open Skies. While the answer to that question depends upon a complex set of 
competitive actions that will only be determined over time, we do see many current benefits from deregulation as well 
as the pressure on financial results from increased competition at Heathrow. 

The existing UK bilateral allows us to fly to the United Kingdom from only a specific set of US gateways, for example 
Denver is not an authorized city pair, and it restricts the number of seats we could offer to Heathrow, for instance in the 
case of Chicago. With Open Skies, United will be free to operate without restriction between any point in the US and 


any point in the EU including additional opportunities in the UK and Ireland. 

One important fact to note is that Heathrow still remains very capacity constrained and new entrants must to obtain 
slots, gates, and in some cases terminal capacity. In our case, we have slots on lease to other carriers that we can recall 
over time to fund our expansion in Heathrow or alternatively we can monetize these assets if we think that is the right 
decision by selling or leasing them to other carriers. Besides restricting our own flying, the old regime, also constrained 
the expansion of our European partners. We will now have full code-share rights in Europe allowing us to expand 
Code-Share on United's Trans-Atlantic flights United has applied to complete its antitrust immunity with BMI which 
the US Department of Transportation granted conditionally in 2002; however, that was subject to the achievement of 
Open Skies. Immunity would allow the two airlines to integrate our operations at Heathrow more fully. BMI's control 
of valuable Heathrow's slots and gates enables it to unlock value for both itself and its principal partners. And we look 
forward to exploring those options with this important Star Alliance partner. 

In addition to continuous improvement of our flight network, we are also tackling a very focused effort on optimizing 
our Mileage Plus assets. The industry has evolved greatly since Mileage Plus was introduced over 25 years ago. Much 
has changed in the industry over those years and past practices frankly don't align very well with today's current 
realities. We are re-evaluating all aspects of the Mileage Plus program to ensure that it is not only rewarding for our 
most important and frequent customers but make sure that we also do it in a way that provides full economic sense. 

We will improve those features of the program that reinforce profitable customer behavior while minimizing over 
delivery of benefits for low-margin activity. We believe that the switch to deferred revenue accounting that Jake 
discussed in his portion of the call has facilitated more discipline around Mileage Plus issuance and redemption at 
United. 

Our decision to move from a 36-month expiration period to an 18 month expiration period for inactive Mileage Plus 
accounts was driven by our desire to ensure that we are rewarding our most frequent fliers and to encourage members 
to use everyday earnings opportunities to stay active like their use of the Mileage Plus Visa Card. Look for further 
economically motivated improvements in Mileage Plus as we continue to drive higher profitability. 

Product unbundling, a topic we spoke about at our Investor Day, is another area that we believe contains much 
opportunity for further revenue generation. Unbundling produces new streams while at the same time prioritizing 
scarce resources for our most important customers. Our first unbundling initiatives focused on up-sell revenue. They've 
proved extremely successful. As we began 2007, up-sell initiatives have been tracking well in excess of our $100 
million goal. Everything we're seeing in the financial results tells us that there is significant additional opportunity to 
generate new revenue streams from isolating and selling existing products and services to our current customer base. 
For example, we are studying with interest what other carriers are doing to realize revenue opportunities around seat 
assignment and baggage, while once again protecting the value for most loyal and profitable customers of the company. 

Finally before I conclude, I want to provide you with a quick update on our view of the revenue environment. Bookings 
for the remainder of the second quarter are strong, running ahead of last year both domestically and internationally. 
Yields are expected to continue to be strong internationally but under pressure domestically as industry capacity grows 
and domestic industry revenue slows. While we don't provide specific revenue guidance, I want to be clear we do 
expect year-over-year unit revenue growth in the second quarter albeit not at the pace we enjoyed last year. 

With that I will turn it back to you Jake. 

Frederic F. (Jake) Brace, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks, John. Let me give you a little additional guidance here. We expect second quarter mainline capacity to be 
between down 0.5% to flat. We expect express capacity to grow 7.5 to 8.5%. And we expect that mainline CASM, 
excluding fuel, last year's severance charge and special items, will be up 1.5 to 2% in the second quarter compared to 
the second quarter of 2006. Our guidance for the full year is unchanged although you should note that we have moved 
to providing CASM guidance from ex-fuel and ex-profit sharing basis to providing CASM guidance ex-fuel, but 


including profit sharing. 

Let me emphasize that there is no change to our expectation for expenses on an ex-fuel, ex-profit sharing basis, we are 
merely changing the vehicle by which we communicate our expectations. Having said all that, we expect mainline 
capacity for 2007 to be flat to up 1%. We expect mainline CASM in 2007 ex-fuel will be up 1 to 2%. Given the current 
domestic demand environment as John mentioned, we are revisiting our capacity plans to look at what the appropriate 
capacity level should be for the rest of the year, clearly with an eye toward reducing it. As we have not yet completed 
the process, we will provide you updated guidance later this quarter. 

As of April 23rd, we had hedged 23% of forecasted fuel consumption for the second quarter of 2007 predominantly 
through crude oil three-way options with upside protection on a weighted-average basis beginning from $59 a barrel 
and capped at $69 a barrel. Payment obligations on a weighted-average basis begin if crude drops below $55 per barrel. 
And now Danielle, we are ready to open the call to questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you sir. First, we will take questions from the analyst community. Then we will take questions from the media. 
[Operator instructions] 

Your first question will come from the line of Gary Chase with Lehman Brothers. Please proceed. 

<Q - Gary Chase>: Sorry. Good morning guys. 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: Hi, Gary. How are you? 

<Q - Gary Chase>: Good. Couple of quick ones for you, maybe start off with Jake. On the cost side, how should we 
be thinking about core inflation because when you talk about hitting the objectives you're talking about, the 250 to 300 
million incrementally here yet cost growth – CASM growth for United seems pretty similar to what we hear from other 
carriers. The 300 million I think size adjusted is similar to the opportunity they see on an annual basis. I mean, is it 
really the case that the cost opportunity here is one of limiting CASM growth or are there opportunities to actually take 
your raw, your CASM down? 

<A - Frederic Brace>: We have – all airlines have cost programs. So, I think that is an inevitability in the airline 
business. And it is a top priority no matter what carrier you are talking to. Our cost situation in 2007 is challenged by 
high growth in maintenance expenses. I think we have given you guidance previously that we expected maintenance 
expenses to be up 10% year-over-year and actually we exceeded the guidance that we gave you for maintenance 
expenses in the first quarter by a little bit. So, we continue to be challenged on the maintenance side. As I mentioned in 
my remarks, we continue to be challenged on the airport rent side with some big increases at certain airports that are 
pretty important to us like O'Hare and Los Angeles. So we have some fundamental expenses that are increasing at 
much faster than the rate of inflation. We do have salaries, which are increasing about 1.5% this year, which is less than 
the rate of inflation. So I think for right now, we are going to stick with our $265 million of additional cost savings this 
year that will compete the $400 million program, but we believe that beyond that there are additional opportunities. I'm 
not going to predict whether it is going to increase our CASM or hold it flat or any other level for that matter, but it is 
something that is a constant thing at United is working on our costs. 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: Hi, Gary it is Glenn. A couple of points. Jake is absolutely right that every one of our competitors 
has a similar focus of finding ways to become more efficient and reduce cost. Clearly for us, this is not something that 
we have historically excelled at, and so for us perhaps there is more opportunity for us to become more efficient, more 
productive on a relative basis, and more focused on continuous improvement than we have in times past. So we are 
certainly not without opportunity that goes beyond what we have identified for you as Jake said a moment ago, and we 
will leave it to Jake, when we get to the point of probity and we can present a case, we will be sharing it with you. But 
just to give you a sense of the types of things that we're doing, I would like Pete to at least take two or three minutes 


and talk about initiatives underway in strategic sourcing to give you just an illustrative example of continuous 
improvement. 

<A - Peter McDonald>: Sure, thanks Glenn. So we have launched a fairly significant project to transform and build 
long-term capability. Within strategic sourcing obviously we have a lot of our expense outsourced, and we have put 
together teams focused on catering our airframe maintenance expense, communications expense and United Express 
ground handling. We have put some of our best talent in the company, joined by some experts from outside to not just 
reduce the expense, but also sustainable long-term capability, so that on an ongoing basis, we have better market 
knowledge. We have better RFP process and we have the right talent in the organization to continue to obtain the very, 
very best prices in these areas. So it is an example of the continuous improvement effort. 

<Q - Gary Chase>: And just switching to the revenue side quickly, I assume the up-sell revenue is in the passenger 
line. I was curious if you could give us a little bit more color on how the frequent-flier change, I know John you said 
Pacific was disproportionately impacted, but if you could give us a little bit more color on what happened in the 
specific entities, so we can look at how your revenue performance is really stacking up separate from the mix of flying 
you happen to do versus peers? 

<A - John Tague>: I would say the Pacific is the only sort of noteworthy outlier from a general extrapolation of the 
accounting. So I don't think it produces significant any variability. As you know, we underperformed in the domestic 
clearly in the first quarter, and severely so in January. I think some of that unique pressure is going to continue. We 
have got a lot of LCC penetration in some key markets, but however we see very strong and very competitive 
performance internationally. So I don't think that more color on Mileage Plus would particularly provide you with 
much help there, Gary. 

<Q - Gary Chase>: Okay. Thanks. 

<A - John Tague>: Thanks, Gary. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Michael Linenberg with Merrill Lynch. Please proceed. 

<Q - Lily Ng>: Good morning, gentlemen. This is Lily standing in for Michael. My first question is with regards to 
your domestic RASM weakness. Could you share with us which region in the US was particularly bad, especially with 
reference to your hubs in Denver and Chicago? 

<A - John Tague>: This is John here. So I would say clearly as you have seen from some of our principal competitors 
in Denver, Denver was uniquely punished on a year-over-year basis. And that really comes from a platform of frankly 
having turned Denver around, and it being one of our best contributing hubs 12 months ago. So clearly, we're under 
pressure in Denver, and we expect that to continue. I wouldn't say that anywhere else was an outlier of significance 
besides that. 

<Q - Lily Ng>: Great, thanks. And maybe early starts on Virgin America is starting up in SFO this summer? 

<A - John Tague>: It's unclear to me as to when they will start up at this point in time. But again, this is sort of the 
annual event. We're going to see more LCC competition. We expect to see it. We are sure that they will be a valid 
competitor, and we will take them on as we do everybody else. 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: Sort of triangulates back to the point that we're going to continue to focus on efficiency and 
productivity, so we can be ready for it. 

<Q - Lily Ng>: Great, thanks very much. 

<A - John Tague>: Thanks, Lily. 


Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Robert Barry with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed. 

<Q - Robert Barry>: Hi, guys. Good morning. 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: Good morning. 

<Q - Robert Barry>: Could you tell us what some of these regions were PRASM growth on an adjusted basis. Or at 
least North America, where pressure seemed to be the greatest? 

<A - John Tague>: Yes, I think I mentioned to Gary, we are not in a position to disclose the regional impact of 
Mileage Plus. However, as I discussed there is some regional variability. I would say the most significant variability off 
of the system number really occurs in the Pacific, where we have very, very high earnings levels, but relatively few 
redemption customers. And I think as Jake mentioned earlier, we're going to have a lot of seasonal variation here, 
because of different earn and redemption behaviors from period to period. 

<Q - Robert Barry>: So is the flip side of that, it's least impactful in North America? 

<A - John Tague>: No. 

<Q - Robert Barry>: Most significant in the Pacific, where is it least significant? 

<A - John Tague>: What I'm saying, if you look at the system impact, the area that I would say most deviates from the 
system impact is in the Pacific. And the remainder of the entities don't tend to have deviations of note. 

<Q - Robert Barry>: Okay. On the cash flow, you did about just over 600 million in the quarter, and it's a seasonally 
weak quarter. So that seems pretty good. I mean, I guess it is fair not to assume that that's kind of a quarterly run rate, 
but can you give us some color on how to think about cash flow for the remainder of the year? 

<A - Frederic Brace>: Yes, I was careful not to say that the first quarter was a seasonally weak quarter for cash flow. 
It's actually a pretty decent quarter for cash flow, because you have a big buildup in ticket sales, and so your ATL 
builds up pretty well during the first quarter. It's a seasonally weak quarter for earnings, and we obviously talked about 
that already. Last year, we had 1.6 billion in cash flow, and you can see what our first quarter there was – we were 626 
this year, up about 40%. And I would expect to see something like the same pattern throughout the year is what I'm 
looking forward to. The one thing that you might notice is, we did spend less than our plan in the first quarter on capital 
spending. We're going to catch up we think in the second and third quarters. So, that's not in the part of operating cash 
flow, but you might want to note that for cash flow purposes. 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: Robert, thanks for that question. 

<Q - Robert Barry>: Yes. No problem. And then just finally, I just wanted to clarify when you mentioned the aircraft 
replacement, the first would be the 73s, and you are going to need them to do for 8 to 10 years. Does that mean – just 
generally speaking, you don't see any aircraft replacement needs for at least 8 to 10 years? 

<A - Frederic Brace>: I think we don't have to, this is Jake. We don't have to replace them for 8 to 10 years. I think 
that there could be a case to be made to place an order sometime in the next few years. We aren't engaged in any 
discussions with anyone about that, but we could want to place an order for some wide body in the next few years. We 
really do want a new narrow body, we don't want to replace the 737s with what is really very old technology, we'd like 
to replace it with new technology, which is why we talk about the timeframe, that Glenn did. The other thing is as we 
look at our fleet and we look at the domestic environment out there, as John was talking about, we do have some 737s 
coming off lease later this year and we're going have to stare hard at them and say whether it makes sense to actually 
renew. 

<Q - Robert Barry>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: Thanks, Robert. 


Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Jamie Baker with JP Morgan. Please proceed. 

<Q - Jamie Baker>: Yes. Good morning everybody. 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: Jamie, how are you? 

<Q - Jamie Baker>: Doing well. Thanks. John, what is the frequent-flier impact in the second quarter? I'm just trying 
to determine whether you're guidance for positive RASM takes into account the accounting change? 

<A - Frederic Brace>: This is Jake, Jamie. We haven't given any guidance for the second quarter, but what I would 
note you is that the second quarter is fully annualized from the change in accounting. So in the first quarter we had only 
two months of the similar accounting. And as I mentioned, the announced change to the expiration period of miles from 
36 months to 18 months has a positive effect, it has a positive effect of $28 million in the first quarter, has a larger 
positive effect in the second quarter. And that should allow us to be flat to positive in terms of the effect of the new 
accounting in the second quarter. So, John's discussion of RASM increases included our expectations for that. 

<Q - Jamie Baker>: Is that to suggest then that if these changes weren't taking place and you were on the old revenue 
accounting that you would not experience positive RASM? 

<A - Frederic Brace>: No, it's not that big a mover. 

<Q - Jamie Baker>: Okay. And secondly, as I recall it was February of 2001 that domestic demand really hit the wall, 
but international hung on for really another five or six months. What's going to be different this time? I mean what's 
changed globally that we should not assume that this domestic weakness spills over to the international after some 
undetermined amount of time? 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: Yes. I would not characterize that we have weak traffic demand in the US. We have too much 
capacity and I think even more importantly, we have some foolish behavior. So, we are not seeing a major correction in 
the underlying demand, we're seeing a lack of discipline on how it's managed. And frankly, we were a contributor to 
the overcapacity problem in the first quarter and we're going to correct that. 

<A - John Tague>: Yes. So I think the extrapolation, Jamie, would be ill-advised. 

<Q - Jamie Baker>: Okay. Duly noted. Thanks a lot everyone. 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: You bet. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Frank Boroch with Bear Stearns. Please proceed. 

<Q - Frank Boroch>: Hi, good morning. Just wanted a quick question on cash flow. Given the strong generation and 
the lack of aircraft coming in right now, any thoughts on returning some of that excess cash flow to shareholders or I 
guess what options are on the table and any covenant restrictions from returning some of that to shareholders? Thanks. 

<A - Frederic Brace>: This is Jake. We think about that very frequently. We have discussions on it frequently. We 
currently do have a restriction in our bank facility that would prohibit anything meaningful in that regard. We are going 
to watch the cash balance, as I mentioned we had a good strong cash flow in the first quarter. We are so far – we're 
seeing good cash flows in the second quarter. You are right, we have very limited amount of capital spending that we 
have to do. We don't have any large debt maturities, we don't have any pension funding requirements. So we are 
hopeful that our cash balance will continue to build and then toward the end of the year, thinking late in the third 
quarter or in the fourth quarter, we will look at the situation then and decide how to deploy our cash balance and one of 
our priorities is to do something that is shareholder friendly. We would have to go back to the banks for that, but it is 
not, in my judgment, something where they are opposed to it, I think they just want to talk to us about it before we do 


it. 

<Q - Frank Boroch>: Okay. And one follow up. Are you seeing any striking differences in between the leisure and 
business side of demand over the quarter and looking forward? 

<A - John Tague>: Yes, this is John. That situation is frankly a little bit blurred by some of the destruction around 
segmentation in pricing structure. Frankly, we have given the business market, the opportunity to purchase leisure fares 
through the absence of Saturday-night restrictions and the weakening of advance purchases and they are fully taking 
advantage of it. So when I look at the corporate portfolio and the demand there, I don't really see any smoking guns in 
terms of corporate demand. I think they are changing their purchasing behavior to take full advantage of the 
opportunity the industry has given them. 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: So, again, we caution against any extrapolation in terms of corporations cutting back on business 
travel. We certainly don't see that. And we don't see any linkage to a softening economy either. 

<Q - Frank Boroch>: Okay. Great. Thank you. 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: You bet. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of William Greene with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed. 

<Q - William Greene>: Yes. Hi. Jake, did I understand you correctly, to say you accrued profit sharing in the quarter? 

<A - Frederic Brace>: I didn't make any statement regarding profit sharing, but if you look in our Reg G 
reconciliations, you will see that we did make an accrual. 

<Q - William Greene>: I am sorry, what are the mechanics such that because there was a loss, so I would have 
assumed there wouldn't have been, but how does it work exactly? 

<A - Frederic Brace>: I would caution you to be very careful when you through paw through our Reg G 
reconciliations to try to extrapolate from that to our own internal profit expectations. But there is some noise in that 
data and just beware as it were. But I will tell you, we look at our profit expectations for the year and our expectations 
for making our objectives on our other program, what we call Success Sharing and we factor that in and we accrue it 
throughout the year based on what our current expectations are. But Success Sharing is not strictly profit driven, it has 
components related to customer satisfaction and to on-time performance. So, again, I would caution you to try to 
extrapolate that for any profit purposes, but the numbers are there in our reconciliations for you to look at. 

<Q - William Greene>: Okay. And then what is the spot fuel price assumption for the second quarter? 

<A - John Tague>: The spot assumption is 2.11. 

<Q - William Greene>: Okay. Last question on revenue, John, did I understand you to say that the up-sell that you're 
getting in some of these markets is a material level, or? Because I was just wondering as you see low-cost carrier 
competition invade some of the markets where they haven't been before, can you offset that at all with upsell or is it 
just that the magnitude is far too great on the fare side? 

<A - John Tague>: Well, I think that the up-sell opportunity, we established $100 million goal for Economy Plus this 
year. We are performing ahead of that and we fully envision that we will establish a significantly higher goal for next 
year. I think what it shows us is through unbundling, there is a strategic opportunity going forward to realize more 
revenue out of the current passenger base. And to frankly unlock ourself from this trap that the only way to grow 
revenue is to take a passenger away from a competitor and then have them bid them back to their airline three months 
from now. So, if you're going to get true revenue profitable growth in the business, we've got to find ways to offer 
valuable products and services to our existing customer base and we think Economy Plus is evidence of that potential. 


<Q - William Greene>: Okay. But at this point we have not yet reached a level where we're fully offsetting the fare 
degradation, that is still to come? 

<A - John Tague>: Well as you know any place we compete with an LCC, we generate a premium through a variety 
of means and up-sell is just one of those. 

<Q - William Greene>: Okay. Thanks for your help. 

Operator 

And your next question will come from the line of Bill Mastoris with Bank of New York Capital. Please proceed. 

<Q - William Mastoris>: Thank you. In the past you have been one of the largest proponents of consolidation. Some 
of your competitors have indicated that they don't expect any consolidation to the next downturn, could you update us 
on any of your views, your current views on consolidation and when it may take place, or would you agree with some 
of your competitors that we do have to wait for the next downturn? 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: Well, it is difficult to be prescient and predict whether or not there is going to be the initiative 
taken by Boards of Directors and Chief Executive Officers to recognize that this is in fact a strategic decision to be 
made rather than a defensive or an opportunistic decision to be made. It frankly is a little puzzling to me for somebody 
to think about it in a passive context as if you have nothing to do with it. Since you in fact are, one is the Chief 
Executive Officer or the Chairman of the Board, and the discussion is yours to have. I think it is strategic. I continue to 
think that the industry is going to continue to have discussions such as the discussions we're having this morning 
relative to punishing capacity issues in the industry that are non-value contributing. And I think that consolidation is a 
strategic imperative for the industry and I have been very dispositive about that. So that being my view for me to be 
able to affect it, I need somebody else to agree with me, and to step up to realize the opportunity, should the 
opportunity present itself. I think over time that will happen, and because I think that nothing has changed to make it 
strategically appropriate for the industry. 

<Q - William Mastoris>: Okay. And my follow-up has to do with, Jake, the 265 million in additional costs that we can 
expect are going to be rung out of the system, what cost categories might we look to, and is that affected at all by the 
recent pilot vote as far as scheduling flexibility that is their unwillingness to provide any type of additional scheduling 
flexibility? Maybe you could just address that? 

<A - Frederic Brace>: Yes, let me start and let Pete chime in here because he touched on some of it earlier, but the 
categories that we look at are G&A, purchased services, our other expenses, could we have saved money in advertising 
and marketing, and then a variety of operational improvements. So, if you look at purchased services, the salary line. 
As it relates to the tentative agreement that did not get approved, that was something that wouldn't have affected our 
costs one way or another. We had structured an agreement with our pilots that was neutral from a cost standpoint, it 
provided us some scheduling flexibility, provided them some things that they wanted that cost us a little money, but net 
it was all – it was neutral to us. So that wouldn't have driven that line at all, but that is what we're thinking about. Pete. 

<A - Peter McDonald>: Well, I just reiterate, you've mentioned some of the categories were currently executing on to 
reduce costs, I mean our operational efficiency which is our new flight planning system is another one that is reducing 
both navigation fees and fuel costs, but these other categories that we just launched into which is catering, our 
airframes spend, our communications spend, and United Express ground handling are areas that we have just started 
and we expect those are going to produce some results for us too soon. 

<A - John Tague>: This is John. The only thing I might add is we have accomplished a lot on the distribution side and 
the marketing side, but we have very step changed, aggressive multi-year objectives to get cost of sales down at United. 

<Q - William Mastoris>: Thank you. 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: Thanks, Bill. 


Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Mark Streeter with JP Morgan. Please proceed. 

<Q - Mark Streeter>: Jake and Glenn as well, I guess I am a little bit surprised at the talk about returning capital to 
shareholders, given the fact that you're still a single B credit and if we look at the last cycle certainly when demand 
started to turn down there was a lot of share repurchase activity and so forth and that really led to some of the financial 
distress that the industry suffered. I mean, can you talk a little bit about where you stand with the balance sheet now. I 
would think you would be still focused on repaying debt further, paying down the exit facility further perhaps, paying 
off some of your aircraft debt rather than returning capital to shareholders given where the balance sheet is today. 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: Hi, Mark. I think that Jake was being responsive to a specific question on whether or not it is on 
our radar screen and he appropriately responded that indeed it is and we discuss both on a concurrent basis. Clearly we 
are focused on the quality of our credit, we are focused on our balance sheet in a primary context. There is no question, 
Mark, that that comes first. And I think the action that we took last year as Jake mentioned in his opening remark here 
speaks to that resolve by the company. We view our cash generation, our free cash flow, our ability to construct a 
balance sheet that is resilient in the face of perhaps a change in the global economy as our first priority. But that having 
been said, it would be inappropriate for us to say that we don't couple with that conversation, a discussion of 
shareholder value. 

<A - Frederic Brace>: Yeah Mark. The discussion, obviously we've reduced our debt by 1.4 billion in the first quarter. 
We are a single B credit. That remains our first priority, but we do have obligations to shareholders as well. So, don't 
get me wrong. We're not going to turn all our cash flow and start buying back stock or something like that, but we do 
have an obligation, we believe, to benefit both the shareholders and the debtors, but our primary focus as I have said 
ever since we got out of bankruptcy, it is to improve the balance sheet. 

<Q - Mark Streeter>: So we should expect you to, when we look at your excess cash flow above and beyond your 
scheduled debt maturities, we should still assume that you will be more aggressively, as you have been this past quarter 
and this past year, looking for opportunities to further reduce leverage beyond what's contractual? 

<A - Frederic Brace>: We are doing that as we speak. So we are looking for opportunities, and they are out there, to 
both reduce our debt level and to reduce our debt costs through refinancing. 

<Q - Mark Streeter>: Okay. Thank you for the clarity. I appreciate it. 

<A - Frederic Brace>: My pleasure. Thanks for the question. 

Operator 

Your next question will come from the line of Ray Neidl with Calyon Securities. Please proceed. 

<Q - Ray Neidl>: Yes. Two really quick ones here. John, one regarding the cutback in the domestic ASMs in the 
second half of the year, will that be pretty much replaced by new regional flying? 

<A - John Tague>: I think that will be part of the analysis. It is certainly one of the options we have. Our goal is to 
when we evaluate these things is to in effect reduce the capacity spend, but maintain the integrity of the network from a 
schedule and a breadth perspective. So that's one of the tools that may be out there. 

<Q - Ray Neidl>: Okay, great. And in the regional sector, I know there's been some problems with the Mesa contract 
in Chicago. When there is bad weather, Mesa was complaining that most of their flights are canceled and they are 
penalized for that. Are you renegotiating that contract or the way that you handle the Mesa situation? 

<A - Peter McDonald>: Ray, this is Pete McDonald. We are working very closely with Jonathan Ornstein in Mesa on 
the contract, but we just had the FAA in headquarters last week about how what we refer to as tier-1 ground stops 
disproportionately affect our Express carriers in the short haul markets when we get these thunderstorms and bad 


weather. And we have discussed ways that we maybe spread the pain or not impact disproportionately our Express 
partners and we think there is opportunities there. And our partners, ourselves and the FAA are very focused on 
improving the way O'Hare handles these situations. And I'm confident we are going to be able to make it better. 

<Q - Ray Neidl>: Great. And finally, Jake, I just wanted to clarify something, the cost of sales to third parties is down 
substantially, is that the dropping of the maintenance contracts that were low margin? 

<A - Frederic Brace>: No, the biggest move there was the cost of sales related to fuel sales, mainly to Express 
carriers. I think that was down something like $80 million. The maintenance was a much smaller number than that. I 
think it was like 18 million. 

<Q - Ray Neidl>: Great. Thanks a lot. 

<A - Robert Sahadevan>: Thank you, Ray. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you. This concludes the analysts and investor portion of our call today. Before we take 
questions from the media, I would now like to turn the call back to Mr. Tilton for closing comments. 

Glenn F. Tilton, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks very much, operator. I appreciate it. And on behalf of the team here, we appreciate the questions that are 
appropriate for all that we're trying to do. They really go to the heart of what we are trying to do here at United. From 
my vantage point, from the Chief Executive Officer's perspective, one of the things that I hope that you notice is a 
consistency in what it is that we're focused on at United. We continue to believe that there is tremendous improvement 
organically within the company to become a better company, and a more successful competitor. That work is our work. 
When we misstepped as we did in January, we will tell you unequivocally that we did. It is our responsibility. But we 
will also tell you that the good things that we're doing that speak to the discretion that we have with respect to our cash 
flow, something for which we are also accountable and responsible. And we will tell you we will take credit for that as 
well. So we like the flexibility that we have with the company, we like the choices we have at the company, certainly 
confident in the team that we have assembled at the company. And we're very pleased with the quality of the work that 
our employees are doing across the full spectrum of the opportunity. Thanks for your questions. Thanks for the 
discussion. And with that we will terminate the call. We will turn it over to the media, I'm sorry. Thank you operator. 

Operator 

Thank you, sir. [Operator instructions] 

Your first question will come from the line of Dave Carpenter with Associated Press. Please proceed. 

<Q - Dave Carpenter>: Good morning. Jake, I just wanted to follow up on a comment you had about head count 
reduction being increased to 1200 from 1000, can you provide specifics on the timing and what employees are 
involved? 

<A - Frederic Brace>: This is Jake, we have already accomplished that 1200, so it was as of the end of the first 
quarter. We were – we had targeted 1000 by year-end, we achieved that. We went beyond that in the first quarter. So 
the people that are affected by that are in really every area of G&A. We did some in the revenue accounting area for 
example, but it is really not dominated by any single area there. It is really spread all over, and we are going to continue 
to look at our G&A expenses. It is overhead, and we need to address it. 

<Q - Dave Carpenter>: Okay. Thanks. 


<A - Glenn Tilton>: Thank you, David. 

Operator 

Your next question will come from the line of Kyle Peterson with Reuters. Please proceed. 

<Q - Kyle Peterson>: Hi, good morning. 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: Good morning, Kyle. 

<Q - Kyle Peterson>: One quick question. Some of your unions have been critical of executive compensation at the 
airline, and they would like to reclaim some of the concessions they made during bankruptcy. Does this give you any 
reason to think that labor costs could be rising in the near future, whatever that near future may be? 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: Kyle, it is Glenn. Jake spoke to our expectations with respect to employee costs, and they remain 
our expectations. So we are focused on that. The issue of our contracts has been really well discussed. As you know, 
they are contracts that were very difficult to negotiate for both sides during a real period of extremis for the company. 
But they are in place, and they are of value to the company, they are an asset to the company, and as I think you have 
heard us say, we are looking forward to continuing a dialogue individually with all of our unions on a regular basis to 
address issues that we can address, and we will be doing just that. 

<Q - Kyle Peterson>: Okay. Thank you. I had just one other question along other lines. You mentioned that bookings 
were strong going forward, is there kind of broad industry wide statement you could make about the fare outlook, I 
suppose you probably couldn't comment on UAL fares, but --? 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: Kyle, John actually spoke to that question with respect to the change in the fare structure and the 
fact that we now have business travelers that are availing themselves of what historically in this industry have been 
leisure fares because of some of the behavior within the sector relative to fare differentiation. So it is a more difficult 
time for us to differentiate fares between one type of customer and another than it has been historically. 

<Q - Kyle Peterson>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A>: You bet. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Mary Schlangenstein with Bloomberg News. Please proceed. 

<Q - Mary Schlangenstein>: Hi. Going right back to the answer that you just gave about the fare differentiation. 
Hasn't several of those changes been going on for some time now and I am kind of surprised to hear your comments on 
it now, because for example US Airways did away with the Saturday-night stay requirement several years back, has it 
not been affecting your yield over that entire time? 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: I will let John speak to it, but as you know, changes of order of magnitude don't happen in one 
sell swoop in an industry such as this. So it takes some time for the fare environment to incorporate the change. John, 
do you want to speak any further to it. 

<A - John Tague>: Yes. So I would say, it is really a combination effect. So when you have healthy absolute fares and 
the Saturday night stay gets removed, in and of itself that event is not enormous. But when you combine a weakening 
of advance purchase, the removal of Saturday night stays and unprecedented fares against those in certain markets, it is 
significant. So we have been very clear from the day simple fares was introduced, we felt it was revenue negative for 
the industry and we feel that remains – it is still revenue negative for the industry. 

<Q - Mary Schlangenstein>: Okay. Thank you. 


Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of [inaudible]. Please proceed. 

<Q>: Good morning gentlemen. 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: Hi Julie. 

<Q>: Hi. Listen, just a quick question for you on the up-sell opportunity. Did I hear you right, are you studying 
potentially charging fees for checked bags? 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: I think we are looking at a variety of opportunities to unbundle our products similar to what we 
did with Economy Plus and protect the very compelling value proposition we have for our most profitable customers, 
and realize new revenue streams at the company. So I would not suggest to you that we've made a decision, nor would I 
suggest to you that there isn't anything that is on the table. 

<Q>: Okay. And also could you just walk us through the higher airport expenses related to O'Hare? Is this something 
stemming from the bankruptcy or did the airport come back to you earlier this year with a new request? 

<A - Frederic Brace>: This was not a surprise. This is Jake speaking. This was something that resulted from the 
restructuring of some debt obligations that they have, and there is a step up in the rate this year. This is something – 
however that – I think airports across the country have their rates increasing at faster than the rate of inflation and that 
is something that we think is very important to address. This one, we understood why it happened and we work very 
closely with the city of Chicago on a number of areas. But the rate of rent increase and landing fee increase at airports 
around the world is something that the airline industry along with the airports really needs to address because it really 
hurts our business. 

<Q>: Okay. Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Chris Walsh with Rocky Mountain News. Please proceed. 

<Q - Chris Walsh>: Hi there. I am wondering here in Denver obviously the competitive situation has changed a little 
bit over the past year with your rival Southwest and Frontier is continuing to grow. Can you tell me how that is 
affecting your financials here? I had some connection problems earlier so, pardon me if you have addressed this 
already. 

<A - John Tague>: This is John here. Clearly the historical fare environment was more profitable prior to this 
competition, nevertheless we are very satisfied overall with our presence and performance in Denver and we remain 
fully committed to the market. 

<Q - Chris Walsh>: Okay. So, are feeling revenue and profit pressures here then? 

<A - John Tague>: I think everybody is. 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: Chris, when you were having connection difficulties we actually said in response to analysts 
question that Denver in fact was a hub of ours that had changed significantly from one of our more profitable – one of 
our more successful profit contributors to the company than it is today. 

<Q - Chris Walsh>: Okay. So there's certainly been a change. 

<A - John Tague>: I don't think the revenue pressures in Denver are unique to United. I think every carrier operating 
in the market is having revenue pressure. 

<Q - Chris Walsh>: Okay. And how do you address that? 


<A - Glenn Tilton>: We compete vigorously. As I am sure you have noted, we have. It's a very important hub for us 
Chris and we have every intention of defending it. 
<Q - Chris Walsh>: All right. Thank you. 
<A - Glenn Tilton>: You bet. 


Operator 

The next question will come from the line of Kelly Yamanouchi with Denver Post. Please proceed. 
<A - Glenn Tilton>: Kelly, how are you? 
<Q - Kelly Yamanouchi>: Hi there. I am good. Thank you very much for your time. Have you drawn down any 


capacity in Denver already for this year? 
<A - John Tague>: This is John, no we have not. In fact our capacity has increased year-over-year. 
<A - Glenn Tilton>: That's what I meant by competing vigorously. 
<Q - Kelly Yamanouchi>: Great. And would you be able to replace any possible reduction in the domestic capacity in 


Denver with any additional international capacity? 
<A - John Tague>: Let me take the first question. Our customers are not going to notice any capacity reduction that 
we undertake in Denver or any place else. It is going to be very moderate around the edges. We're going to continue to 
keep our schedule frequency and our destinations as a robust offering. Separately from that, we continue to evaluate 
international growth across our system and also in Denver. Clearly as I think we mentioned on the call, there are some 


opportunities that become available as a result of Open Skies that could be important for us and important for Denver 
and we're taking a real hard look at those. 
<Q - Kelly Yamanouchi>: Thank you. 
<A - Glenn Tilton>: You bet. 


Operator 

Your next question will come from the line of Ted Reed with TheStreet.com. Please proceed. 
<A - Glenn Tilton>: Ted, how are you? 
<Q - Ted Reed>: Good. How are you? 
<A - Glenn Tilton>: Good. Thank you. 
<Q - Ted Reed>: I just wondered about the increase in maintenance expenses. I didn't get a good clear picture of how 


much that was or what it is for, is it just scheduled maintenance or is it some adjustment in the outsourcing that you 


have done? 
<A - Frederic Brace>: This is Jake. It was driven by two things. One, we have a higher rate on that V2500 contract 
that is an outsourced contract. It was a scheduled rate increase, but obviously it puts pressure on our expenses. And 
then later this year in the back half of the year we expect to have higher volume of airframe C checks and heavy checks 
which will increase our expenses in the back half of the year. 

<Q - Ted Reed>: So there is no effort to – there is no desire to revisit this effort at outsourcing? 
<A - Frederic Brace>: Oh No. There is a huge effort that I will let Pete speak to. That's one of the four teams that he 
met with yesterday is to increase our – adjust our contracts with outsource vendors and so forth. There is no change in 


direction regarding outsourcing for us. We do need to work on some of the contractual activities. 

<Q - Ted Reed>: And just to clarify. Do you have to work on them because of higher volume? 

<A - Peter McDonald>: No. Ted, Pete MacDonald. I would say we're looking at our maintenance expense from a total 
cost of ownership standpoint. Work that we do inside, we are leaning out the process, reducing our expense and 
turnaround times. And for work that is done by providers, we are sort of applying the same techniques. We're leaning 
out checks that are done by outsiders. And so, we're very focused on both aspects of this. And although our costs are 
increasing, that doesn't mean that we are at all letting up our focus to reduce the expense in both work that's done inside 
and outside. 

<Q - Ted Reed>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: I think the way to look at it, Ted, is it would be more of a fine tuning of that which we already do 
rather than any kind of a directional shift. 

<Q - Ted Reed>: So, there is no real – no thought that, there could be more – work could be more efficiently done 
in-house as some carriers are finding. I guess that's the point of my question. 

<A - John Tague>: Okay. We are constantly looking at the balance between that which we have a competitive 
distinction in being able to do ourselves, which started two, three years ago, and that which we feel we do not have a 
competitive distinction to do better ourselves and somebody else could do it better than we. So, it's a constant analysis 
of precisely that. There are some things we do very competitively, there are some things we do not. 

<Q - Ted Reed>: Is there any attempt to do what American is doing and Delta also is doing, and have more in-sourcing 
or – and even do third-party maintenance for other carriers? 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: Well, we do. We did over $200 million last year in third party revenues in inside, United. And so, 
while others are beginning to talk about it, it is something that we have done for quite a long time, quite successfully. 

<A - Frederic Brace>: And American I think is targeting 100, we already do twice that and we hope to grow it in the 
future. 

<Q - Ted Reed>: Okay. Thank you very much. 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: You bet, Ted. 

Operator 

Thank you ladies and gentlemen. This concludes our call today. You may now disconnect your lines at this time. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2010, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


