Q3 2006 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Robert Sahadevan, Managing Director of Investor Relations 
• Glenn F. Tilton, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• Frederic F. (Jake) Brace, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Restructuring Officer 
• John P. Tague, Executive Vice President, and Chief Revenue Officer 
• Company Representative 
Other Participants 

• David Strine 
• Jake Brace 
• Michael Linenberg 
• Gary Chase 
• Peter McDonald 
• Jamie Baker 
• Ray Neidl 
• Daniel McKenzie 
• Helane Becker 
• Ted Reed 
• Mary Wisniewski 
• Kelly Yamanouchi 
• Steven Lott 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning, and welcome to UAL Corporation's Earnings Conference Call for the Third Quarter of 2006. My name 
is Tony, and I'll be your conference coordinator today. Following opening remarks from UAL's management, there will 
be question and answer session. [Operator Instructions]. I'd now like to turn the presentation over to your host for 
today's call Mr. Robert Sahadevan. Please proceed sir. 

Robert Sahadevan, Managing Director of Investor Relations 

Thank you, Tony. Welcome to UAL's third quarter earnings conference call. The earnings announcement was released 
earlier this morning and is available on our website at www.united.com\ir after our prepared remarks we will open the 
lines to questions from Analysts and Invertors, following the end of the investor Q&A at approximately 11.30 Eastern 
Time, we will take questions from the media. 

Let me point out that statements in the press release and those made during this conference call may contain various 
forward-looking statements, which represent the Company's expectations or beliefs concerning future events. All 
forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available for the company, a number of factors could 
cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer our press release, Form 10-K and 
other reports with the SEC for a more thorough description of these factors. 


Lastly, during the course of our call, we will be discussing several non-GAAP financial measures for a reconciliation of 
these non-GAAP numbers to GAAP the financial measures, please refer to our earnings release. And now I'd like to 
turn the call over to Glenn Tilton, UAL's Chairman, President and CEO. 

Glenn F. Tilton, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks very much, Robert, and good morning and welcome to everyone on the call. Joining me and participating on 
the call this morning are Jake Brace, our Chief Financial Officer; and John Tague, our Chief Revenue Officer. Peter D. 
McDonald, our Chief Operating Officer is also in the room with us this morning, and will be available to take your 
questions. 

As all of you know, we announced our third quarter results this morning, which we believe demonstrate progress and 
momentum on our core agenda. I think we have shared with you our continuous improvement, controlling our cost, 
optimizing our revenue, and improving United customer experiences. As I told our employees this morning on my 
early morning call to them, we had a solid quarter, and we believe that the result will tell the story. Our operating 
margin, excluding special items, improved to 5.9%. 

With these results we've now generated two successive quarters of margin improvement. We reported after-tax net 
income of a $190 million, excluding reorganization and special items, we had a year-over-year improvement of some 
$95 million. On an operating basis we've reported a profit of $335 million dollars, which was a $175 million dollar 
improvement. We've reported diluted earnings per share of $1.30 and as many of you have noted already, adjusting for 
the $0.43 impact to record income to record income tax expense not accounted for and many of your models. We well 
exceeded the first call consensus estimate. 

Our revenue was up 11% to $5.2 billion. Passenger unit revenue improved by 10%, and consolidated unit revenue 
improved by 8% from a year ago quarter. This demonstrates the progress toward our goal of achieving industry-leading 
revenue performance. Our costs are competitive. Excluding fuel and special items, CASM was inline with guidance 
provided last quarter. Employee productivity is up. Aircraft utilization is at an all-time high. As I frequently said, we're 
putting the customer at the center of our decision-making here at United. The reason for that to us is clear. Our 
customer-driven strategy will drive margin leadership. Delivering on the basics and being as efficient as possible 
ensures that we are providing consistent service in the marketplace. 

Building on that base, we can deliver an experience that enables us to capture better than our fair share of premium 
customers. Our continuous improvement efforts and our network optimization are paying off. We are turning planes 
more quickly and adding flights while reducing costs. This work has enabled us to add new service out of Dulles to 
Rome, Kuwait, and Tokyo Narita without the acquisition of more aircraft. John will discuss the benefits we've derived 
from our resource optimization efforts to-date and describe this quarter's solid progress toward achieving our revenue 
expectations. 

In our second quarter call, we noted tighter turns had challenged our operational performance. I'm pleased to note 
today, that on-time arrival 14 performance was higher than the first two quarters of the year and among the six network 
carriers, we rank number four in July and second in August. We believe this is a testament to the hard work of our 
management team and our employees during a period of high load factor and as you all know heightened security 
measures. Opportunities however for further improvement remain, are on track with our current savings initiative, but 
we also face inflationary pressure. We must make the most of thousands of smaller opportunities to mitigate these 
pressures. 

While continued execute on the numerous projects already underway to reduce cost and continue to identify more 
opportunities for us to further reduce cost. Jake will discuss the success we are having in our cost reduction programs 
and give all of us on the call a preview of our expectations for 2007. As we press ahead, we are ensuring the employees 
and leadership are completely aligned to deliver value to customers and to you, our shareholders. And we today have 
the right management team in place throughout the organization to lead these efforts. With that I will hand the call over 


to Jake and he will take you through more detail contained within the numbers. 

Frederic F. (Jake) Brace, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and 
Chief Restructuring Officer 

Thanks, Glenn and good morning everyone. As Glenn discussed we maintained the momentum that we built in the 
second-quarter by producing a net profitable $190 million for the three-quarter, a year-over-year increase of 95 million 
excluding reorganization and special items from last year. For the quarter, basic earnings per share was a $1.62 and 
diluted earnings per share was a $1.30. As Glenn noted, we began to record income tax expense in the quarter, which 
was not anticipated in most of the first call estimates out there. 

Income tax expense reduced the quarter's basic earnings per share by $0.52 and diluted earnings per share by $0.43. 
Without the income tax expense, diluted earnings per share would have been $1.73. For purposes of EPS calculations, 
basic shares were 115.6 million, fully diluted shares were 151.1 million and the add back to the income for interest 
expense on the convertible securities was $9 million aftertax. 

In the third quarter we produced an operating profit of 335 million despite a $293 million increase in consolidated fuel 
expense that compares to an operating profit of a 165 million in the third quarter of 2005. Our operating margin 
improved to 6.5% or 5.9%, excluding the special item. This was up 3.5% from the same quarter of last year. I'd like to 
discuss a few notable items that affected our results in the quarter. Execution against our plan has led the Company to 
accrue $19 million in the third quarter towards year-end incentive payouts to employees. 

As noted, the Company accrued $60 million for income tax expense in the quarter and for the eight months ended 
September 30th, but we still do not expect to pay any material amount of cash taxes for quite sometime. Our operating 
expenses for the quarter included a net benefit from the ongoing resolution of several litigation matters, which were 
still pending upon on our exit from bankruptcy, the largest of which with a special gain of $30 million related to a 
reduction in the estimated liability in one of United's lease hold at the San Francisco International Airport. 

The Company entered into an exercise fuel hedges for operations that were classified as economic hedges, we 
recognized a gain on the hedges settled in the third quarter of $8 million and we also recognized a mark-to-market loss 
of $26 million for hedges that were settled in the fourth quarter of 2006 and beyond. 

Any realized gains or losses from these fourth quarter and beyond positions will be adjusted by the unrealized 
mark-to-market loss that we booked in the third quarter. Finally, I'll note that all of the realized and mark-to-market 
gains and losses are booked in the fuel expense line. For the second quarter in a row, our regional affiliates contribute a 
fully allocated profit to our operating income, regional affiliates contributed $60 million to operating income and 
improvement of $120 million over the third quarter of 2005 as a result of restructured agreements, John's network 
optimization efforts and a robust revenue environment. 

As we've been saying for sometime, unit earnings, revenue per ASM minus cost per ASM is the key measure of our 
financial performance, our mainline unit earnings for the quarter, excluding fuel expense and the special operating item 
was up 18% to 4.34 cents from 3.67 cents a year ago. Once again, our revenue performance improved in the third 
quarter, total revenue increased 11% from the third quarter of 2005 while mainline unit revenue excluding our fuel 
subsidiary increased 8% in the third quarter. In a few moments, John will discuss the drivers of this quarter's healthy 
revenue growth. 

Our costs are competitive, but we remain focused on finding ways to reduce expenses. Well, total third quarter 
operating expense rose 8% year-over-year, the large majority of this increase was due to a 23% increase in our 
consolidated fuel expense. Average mainline jet fuel price including taxes for the quarter was $2.30 per gallon 
compared with $1.90 in the third quarter of last year. Please note that our fuel price is set approximately three to four 
weeks prior to consumption, which means there is a natural delay in lower fuel prices being reflected in our P&L. 


Turning to other areas where expenses increased, purchased services was up 14% in the quarter over 2005 or 
approximately $51 million. This is primarily driven by the effects of continued outsourcing and with a similar 
year-over-year increase to the one we saw in the second quarter. The flip side of this, is that employee productivity 
improved 6% over the third quarter of last year, driven by a 3% increase in capacity and a 3% decrease in employee 
equivalent. 

Aircraft maintenance expenses increased 53 million or 27% over the third quarter of 2005 virtually all of the increase 
was engine related and was driven by more engine visits, more flight hours, and an increase in the year-over-year cost 
per flying hour built into the V2500 maintenance contract. Additionally, we expect our maintenance cost to increase as 
our cycle times come under pressure from enlarged maintenance works scope requirements. 

Work requirements are increasing due to air worthiness directive and initiatives to proactively identify and improve 
aircraft cabin condition and to increase aircraft dispatch reliability. We are working hard to mitigate this trend, but 
expect this unfavorable trend to continue into 2007. Mainline CASM increased 7% in the quarter from the third quarter 
of 2005, while mainline CASM excluding fuel and special items increased 2.5% at the top end of the guidance we 
provided last quarter. 

Included in the quarters 2.5% increase in ex-fuel CASM are a number of items that were not factored into the guidance 
we gave you. The first was the $19 million accrual for year-end incentive programs I mentioned earlier. We also got the 
benefit of a $13 million rent credit originally expected in the fourth quarter, was actually received in the third quarter. 
Well not large – well not a large number, we estimate that the change in security rules caused by the London terrorism 
plot increased the quarters expenses by about $4 million and finally maintenance expenses were higher than expected. 

Fortunately execution against our cost saving initiatives moderated the higher expenses. The company is on track to 
capture $300 million in benefits targeted to 2006. As well as the addition of $400 million in 2007 initiatives we 
previously discussed. We have succeeded in bring approximately a 135 million of the 400 million into 2006 as a 
company we remain intensively focused on reducing cost and improving operational execution throughout the 
organization. 

As we said previously these costs saving are necessary to mitigate the effects of 2007 inflationary pressures. In addition 
to maintenance expense, which I mentioned earlier other areas exerting upward pressure on 2007 expenses are airport 
rent and landing fees, medical and dental expenses, and the modest salary increase averaging 1.5%. Despite all this 
2007 cost per ASM excluding the effects of fuel and employee incentive programs is expected to be close to flat while 
capacity is expected to increase above 1%. 

As we did last quarter, we would like to point out that our reported earnings included a number of non-cash fresh start 
and exit related charges, which can be somewhat confusing especially since they have secured some fundamental 
improvements. These charges are the same ones that we highlighted in the second quarter with one exception relates to 
a primarily below the line change to the accounting for advanced purchase of miles. 

For the period of February through June 2006, United recorded imputed interest expense on the average balance of 
amounts paid to the company by our Mileage Plus partner, but for miles not yet allocated to customer's accounts. This 
initial accounting was applied because the advanced purchases were considered similar to debt. 

In the third quarter of 2006, we determine that the debt treatment was not applicable therefore the net impact of the 
initial accounting application was reversed in the third quarter of 2006, which led to a $30 million decrease in interest 
expense and a $6 million decrease in other revenue both one-time adjustments. 

Excluding the non-cash fresh start and exit related charges, and the benefit from the special item, our non-fuel mainline 
CASM for the third quarter actually dropped 0.4% from the third quarter of 2005. We continue to do well on the cash 
side, cash flow from operations was a $131 million, which was an increase of a 147 million year-over-year, during the 
third quarter we spent $93 million on capital expenditures and a 103 million for debt repayments. We ended the quarter 
with unrestricted in short-term investments of $4.1 billion and a restricted cash balance of 860 million for a total cash 
position of 4.9 billion. 


Total balance sheet debt including capital leases ended the quarter at 10.5 billion. We're currently analyzing our 
long-term cash plan and considering the best use of our substantial cash balance we clearly have more cash than is 
optimal with the London terrorist incident reminds us why we do. When we determine how much excess cash we have 
our first priority will be to reduce debt levels in the first meaningful opportunity to do so is in the first quarter when we 
can refinance and resize our $3 billion exit facility without penalty. 

As we execute against our plan to improve core operations, the second consecutive quarter of margin improvement is 
proof of the company's progress. Now I'll turn the call over to John to discuss the revenue results further. 

John P. Tague, Executive Vice President, and Chief Revenue Officer 

Thanks Jake. We continue to produce improved revenue results benefiting from the actions we've taken to position 
United in a marketplace, as well as, a generally positive environment. As, Jake noted passenger revenue for available 
seat mile increased by 10% in the third quarter, which contributed the total revenue growing 11% year-over-year. This 
was primarily attributed to a mainline yield increase of 10% over last year, a mainline traffic increase of 2% was on a 
3% increase in capacity leading to a three-tenth of a point decline in mainline load factor. 

Both consolidated RASM and mainline RASM excluding UAFC grew by 8%. United posted particularly good unit 
revenue results internationally. Our strongest year-over-year performance continues to be in the Pacific, our largest 
international entity. Strong demand and yield performance led to a 14% increase in PRASM in the Pacific 
year-over-year. Our performance was quite good across the region. In the Atlantic region PRASM rose 11% for the 
quarter. 

Although we have the second largest presence in Heathrow amongst US carriers we generated solid results compared to 
the industry. Clearly our performance was negatively impacted by the London plots, but in our view not by a material 
amount. Latin America is a relatively smaller region for United and third quarter PRASM for this region grew 7% over 
the third quarter of 2005. We continue to add new Ted service to leisure destinations in Latin America and the 
Caribbean, allowing United to build a broader range of products for our core customers. 

Given the domestic capacity increase of 4%, domestic mainline PRASM growth of 8% was quite solid. With aircraft 
utilization at all time highs, the growth ASMs were provided from our resource optimization efforts were we tend to get 
the capacity from off-peak fly additions. 

As such the revenue generated is typically of a lower quality then our core system. Softness in our large Hawaii 
operation, where other carriers have added significant capacity recently, also contributed to dampening domestic 
results. Considering these factors, I think you are going to appreciate why we are encouraged by our competitive 
performance, PRASM for our regional affiliates rose 9% driven by a 6% increase in yield and a 2 point increase in load 
factor compared to the third quarter of 2005. 

Overall we're seeing a slow down in year-over-year unit revenue growth compared to the robust summer period, but 
we're continuing to identify ways to improve both our revenue performance and our customer experience. We expect 
the work underway will achieve both of these goals. Our network optimization plans call for greater service from our 
Dulles hub. Recently, we began flights from Dulles to Kuwait City and Narita where early performance indication in 
both routes are quite encouraging. Service to Rome will start next year. 

We've also applied for authorization for the first-ever capital-to-capital service from Washington, D.C. to Beijing. 
Given the rapidly growing economic and political tie between our two nations we think this route is vitally important 
for the country and the economy. We've been able to grow as the results of our continuous improvement efforts. 

As I mention, the aircraft productivity as measured by fleet utilization improved 3% year-over-year or approximately 
19 minutes for a total of a 11 hours and 25 minutes, a new record high for the company. The result was made possible 
by our resource optimization efforts where Pete's team has been focused on successfully executing shorter turn times 
across the systems. We implemented at Dulles in September and are beginning today to implement shorter term times 
in our O'Hara operation. That completes the system rollout. 


As you may recall from our last briefing Denver and Los Angeles were successfully implemented in May. Ted markets 
were implemented in February and San Francisco in January. The turn time reductions at O'Hara will free up capacity 
that we will be redeploying to Dallas. In fact the modest capacity increases we're forecasting for 2007 are simply the 
results of annualizing the benefits to utilization improvements created by resource optimization in 2006. All in all a 
very solid performance but with many opportunities for further improvements to manage the area we are focused on. 

Now I will turn the call back to Jake. 

Frederic F. Brace, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief 
Restructuring Officer 

Thanks John. Just a few more items before we get to questions and answers. Guidance for the fourth quarter, fourth 
quarter and full year 2006 mainline capacity growth is unchanged from what we told you last time. Full year express 
capacity growth is up 0.5% from what we told you last quarter. You can find all the details in our press release. 

For 2007 as I mentioned earlier we expect mainline capacity to increase about 1%. We expect United Express capacity 
to grow about 3% leading to a consolidated capacity increase again roughly of 1%. These capacity increases are strictly 
driven by the annualization of higher aircraft utilization as a result of the 2006 resource optimization efforts, John 
described. 

We have no plans to acquire any aircraft. We estimate that main line CASM excluding fuel and special charges will be 

0.5 to 1.5% higher in the fourth quarter, which is slightly higher than the guidance we provided you in the second 
quarter due to the timing of the rent credit I mentioned earlier. For the full year, CASM excluding fuels, specials, and 
severance will be up 1.9 to 2.1% driven by the effects of non-cash exit-related items, excluding these non-cash 
exit-related items are unit cost excluding fuel is expected to decrease by 0.9 to 1.9% in the fourth quarter and 0.8 to 
1.1% for the full year of 2006. 
As of yesterday, United had hedged 34% of forecasted fuel consumption in the fourth quarter of 2006, through crude 
oils, collars and swaps on a weighted average basis hedge protection begins if crude exceeds $69 per barrel conversely 
payment obligations begin, if crude on a weighted average basis drops below the same $69 per barrel level. For the first 
quarter of 2007, United had hedged again as of yesterday, 25% of forecasted fuel consumption predominantly through 
crude oil, three-way collars with upside protection on a weighted average basis beginning at $65 per barrel and ending 
at $74 per barrel payment obligations on a weighted average basis begin if crude drops below $59 per barrel. 

And now Operator, we're ready to take any questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. First, we'll take questions from our analyst community, then we'll take questions from the media. [Operator 
Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Dave Strine with Bear Stearns. Please proceed. 

<Q - David Strine>: Thank you. Good morning, gentlemen. 

<A>: Good morning, David. 

<Q - David Strine>: Well, it was great to hear that the '07 CASM ex fuel will be close to flat, but given that we all 
have slightly different perceptions of what close is, I was just wondering if I can press you a little bit more on that, is 
that within the zero, the 0% to 1% increase range, is that fair? 

<A>: You can certainly press us, Dave, we are going through the – our budget process, so we are intentionally being a 
little bit vague there, because we don't have – we haven't completed the process, yet, and we obviously want to go 


through that, but we're targeting flat as what we're shooting for internally, so it's close to hopefully at flat, but we can't 
give you that formal guidance as it were, yet. 

<Q - David Strine>: Great, thank you. And John, I think you mentioned in your prepared remarks that you're seeing a 
slowdown in RASM, versus the robust summer, and I just wanted to clarify that you're just referring to the 
year-over-year growth rates due to the obvious comps in the industry as opposed to any shift in the normal sequential 
trend we would see moving through the fourth quarter. 

<A>: No, I think our comments there is certainly relative to a slowing year-over-year, which frankly we anticipated to 
some extent prior to the recent events, clearly recent events have contributed to that compression. 

<Q - David Strine>: Okay. And then last, I guess perhaps for Glenn a broader question about our cash, I know, you'd 
be disappointed, if I didn't ask? 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: No, I think, we were so certain that you would, we had Jake speak to it in his prepared remarks. 

<Q - David Strine>: And I wanted a follow-up on that, you referenced to 3 billion, you know, the potential to work on 
the in the $3 billion exit-facility in the first quarter.... 

<A>: Right. 

<Q - David Strine>: You know, as it relate to that, number one, how big of a slug do you think you could contend with 
in the first quarter? And then number two, maybe there isn't a perfect answer, yet, but do you have a sense given the 
size of the company now what the – what level of cash you really want to carry? 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: Well I'll say from the back-end of your question, David, we are working on that issue along with 
the budgeting and planning process, we will be discussing with our Board toward the end of the year, so it's a part of 
the entire planning process, and we certainly don't yet have a number selected. But it is part of the work in-progress. I'll 
let Jake speak to the opportunity with respect to the exit-facility. 

<A - Jake Brace>: And the other thing is obliviously, we need to get a little more clarity on just what's going to 
happen to fuel over the long-term. The short-term trend is obliviously very good but the situation in the market remains 
very volatile. If it stays at the levels that we see, we think that there is a significant opportunity to do some debt 
reduction and obvious candidate for that is what happens in the first quarter or exit facility we'll have been out there a 
year in the call protection that exists for that first year will be gone, which will allow as a opportunity to refinance that 
to get a lower rate in the current environment, and also to shrink it. So that's – that's what we're focused on is that we've 
done a little bit, David of a similar activities very modest amount but, we you know we have passed on using the 
opaque feature on a couple of our exit related securities. We've done some other things related to the, you know 
investing in – of shares and things like that. So we're- we're turning our attention to utilizing cash. Our first priority is 
going to be to improve our credit metrics, but we we're also very mindful of improving things for shareholders as well, 
so we got to balance the two but the first priority will be debt. 

<Q - David Strine>: Good to hear. Thank you very much. 

<A>: Thank you David. 

Operator 

With Merrill Lynch your next question comes from line of Mike Linenberg. Please proceed sir. 

<A>: Hello Michael. 

<Q - Michael Linenberg>: Hi yes. Yeah. Good morning gentlemen. 

<A>: Good morning 


<Q - Michael Linenberg>: I guess the first question to Jake, tax rate – the book tax rate that we should use for 2007. I 
know you used 41% for the 8 months of '06. Is that 41%, is that a good run rate through next year? 

<A - Jake Brace>: We haven't done all that work yet, but I know you have to put your models out there. I maybe a 
couple of percentage points below that but in that general zip code. 

<Q - Michael Linenberg>: Okay. And then just another sort of accounting niche here Jake you know, interest expense, 
obviously down a lot benefiting from that, you know, call it a 30 million, good guy coming from the mileage plus 
piece. As we look at out going forward though, you know, the run rate is going to back up You know call it a high 
190s, and it may be 200 million right is that you know or you can do with the, you know the exit facility? 

<A - Jake Brace>: Assuming for a second that we don't do anything with the exit facility, you can simply add to your 
models about $30 million to the fourth quarter and then the run rate beyond that, we obviously have some amount of 
variable debt which tray, which causes the interest rate to go up and increase in interest rate environment as we've been 
in recently although it seems to have flattened to come down. And, but most of our debt is fixed, so our run rate is 
pretty constant when you adjust for this change in accounting related to our prepaid mileage balances. 

<Q - Michael Linenberg>: Perfect and just a quick last one on revenue, you know, as an agreement with the – to 
David's question John about we're seeing a slowdown in RASM growth. What are we saying, you know at present and 
even going forward, could you characterize its stabilization, I mean, you know, given that, you know we did see some 
recent exempts by the industry including yourself to take fares up, I think two attempts in the last couple of weeks and 
yet, you know, you could argue that that wasn't because oil prices were going up, we've seen oil prices come down. Are 
there pockets of strength out there. What are we saying in November-December? 

<A>: I think, you know, in general, we expect to have, you know, flat comparable load factors year-over-year. I would 
say that we are more encouraged by you know, leisure demand trends than some of the business demand trends which I 
think as many folks have noted, maybe being exacerbated by, you know, perceptions and historically the reality around 
some of the TSA procedures and friction around of that. So, I think you know, we – we are moderately encouraged on a 
volume side to the extent we see a slowing year-over-year, we think that will likely be on the yield component. 

<Q - Michael Linenberg>: Okay, very good. Nice quarter, thank you. 

<A>: Thank you, appreciate it. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Gary Chase, Lehman Brothers. Please proceed. 

<Q - Gary Chase>: Good morning Don. 

<A - Peter McDonald>: Good morning Gary. 

<Q - Gary Chase>: Actually had a question for John, Jake and Glenn. 

<A>: There you go. 

<Q - Gary Chase>: Trying to be equitable. On the other revenue side, I was just curious, you know, if you look at, you 
know, non-UAFC other revenue looks like it – it took a little bit of a decline certainly versus the run rate where you 
were in the second quarter, I was just curious if there was anything in there. I know there is like a $6 million thing for 
the Mileage plan, but that, you know, we were talking about a bigger change than that, is there anything major there we 
should be aware of? 

<A>: Yeah, there are – there are, like four things going on there Gary. The first is the UAFC, which you identified that 
was down $10 million as I recall. The second is our maintenance revenue is down a little bit softer than what we had 
originally intended and had seen in previous periods as we get out of some low maintenance high – low margin, high 
risk business that we didn't find very attractive, so that's down from that but there is also a benefit on the cost side, but 


again it was very low revenue, low margin business. Then we also are seeing some softness if you will, some in the 
Mileage Plus area, we're seeing two things, one is accounting year-over-year, we had some changes that affected our 
Mileage Plus accounting that hurted, we had the $6 million change that you mentioned that hurted. But we do have a 
little bit – coming at a little bit soft on the you know, the actual miles sold versus what we expected and then the last 
thing I apologize for the list beng so long is we sold a subsidiary called MyPoints that contributed about $10 million a 
quarter in revenue. 

<Q - Gary Chase>: Okay great thanks for that. Jake also wanted to ask you, the way you pointed towards the hedge 
position where you said as of yesterday and kind of implied there is like a rolling strategy associated with hedging just 
curious if you could if that's the case if you could articulate for us what that strategy is. 

<A>: I articulated it as of yesterday because we had put on some hedges between the end of the quarter and yesterday. 
We are currently out of the market and not doing any hedging activity right now. We may – we may look at it again 
and decide to get in but we are currently out of the market. You know, strategy wise in an ideal world you'd want to be 
putting on your, locking in your fuel prices as you locked in your revenue. 

<Q - Gary Chase>: Right. 

<A>: Unfortunately you have a situation here where the fuel market is in pretty steep contango and if you locked in the 
prices as people pay their tickets and I am not convinced that the prices are actually reflective of the contango market. 
So going out six months or something when someone is buying a ticket six months in advance I don't think that current 
prices are actually reflecting that kind of fuel level. So we're struggling a little bit with that, which is why we are 
staying out of the market right now to really see where fuel is stabilizing and also to see just what happens on the 
revenue side of the equation to some of the earlier question. 

<Q - Gary Chase>: Okay, so no systemic program? 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: No systemic program, no. 

<Q - Gary Chase>: And – and Glenn if I could just ask, you know one of the things you referenced and certainly, you 
know, is consistent with the way we think about it, you referenced that there were I think you used the term thousands 
of opportunities at United, you know, on the cost side. Just wondering if you could give us a little bit of sense of how 
you are driving the organization to achieve those obviously, you know and even the combined management team, you 
are not capable of doing thousands of things at one, not to underestimate you, but you know, it's something that has to 
be sort of driven to the culture.... 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: Gary, if you think of the last three years, actually we were doing more than thousands of things at 
one. So, it's – it actually isn't that different in the current environment, but one of the things that we get to do post dated 
Gary, is we get to involve all of our employees in activities that is much more relevant to them in identifying and 
realizing cost saving initiatives and then perhaps we were able to – during the distracted period – the distracting period 
of our restructuring and – we now as I said on the call this morning to our employees, I said on my 800 call to them, 
much of the work today engages them and involves them. A good example would be airport operations and beyond 
resource optimization that John Tague outlined Gary in his, – in his prepared remarks. Peter is here with us and he can 
speak to the work that they are doing in continuos improvement across airport operations. With Scott Dolan responsible 
for that work, it actually ties back to the work that we are now doing in the customer experience. And that the 
intersection between the two in improving the customer experience say in San Francisco where we have chosen to 
begin not only improves the customer experience but Gary it also improves efficiency. So, it has the serendipities 
benefit of driving down cost while it simultaneously improves customer experience, and you know, that intersection is 
a very powerful one for our employees because as we said this morning in our call with them it's something that they 
can identify with we also said to our employees this morning this is a business of pennies, which you guys through your 
model certainly know to be true. So, to the extent that they realize that there is seemingly smallish savings that you 
characterized as a thousand initiatives really do drive the ultimate result then we get the third element of beneficiary, 
which is employee engagement. And if we can improve the customer experience, improve employee engagement and 
simultaneously reduce our cost, I think we are going to ring the potential out of this company that is always been here 


for the management team to realize, Peter would you like to add any color to that. 

<A - Peter McDonald>: Well, you know, I know the focus largely is on CASM ex-fuel, but to just add another 
example this fuel efficiency team that we have in the company that is focused on reducing on block time, reducing 
weight on aircraft and unnecessary contingency fuel, not just on the Mainline, but also at Express is – is another 
example of where, you know, it's not just us here, but throughout the company are very involved in reducing that cost 
throughout the company. 

<A - John Tague>: Gary, let me chip in here too. You know, we're doing you are absolutely right, we deep on this 
room can't handle all those thousands of initiatives notwithstanding what Glenn said, and so we are doing everything 
that you would expect us to do we are going out there setting goals, identifying opportunities, you know, reviewing 
budgets. We have, you know, charged up the management team we had a leadership conference in the last month with 
our Top 400 managers where we, you know, painted a picture for them and showed them, you know, what the 
opportunity was and told them what was expected of them. We got, you know, great response and enthusiasm. So, 
we're doing everything that you'd expect us to do to get at those cost, because those are the people in this room can't do 
it. We're going to rely on, you know, 60,000 United employees to get at those savings you know, one dime at a time. 

<Q - Gary Chase>: Okay guys, I appreciate the time. Thanks. 

<A>: That's our pleasure. 

Operator 

We have JP Morgan. Your next question comes from Jamie Baker. Please proceed. 

<Q - Jamie Baker>: Good morning gentlemen. 

<A>: Hi Jamie. 

<Q - Jamie Baker>: You know, just a follow-up on David Strine's questions on 2007 unit cost the flattish guidance 
you gave, Jake, was against a 7.6 cent type figure this year. Is that correct? I guess I'm just a little bit surprised, given 
that this year's first half costs were not that impressive that you know, flattish is the best you're guiding for? 

<A - Jake Brace>: You know, we obviously had some challenges early in the year and are going to face some 
challenges next year in the areas that I identified, maintenance. We see a big increase year-over-year in rents on landing 
fees that you know, airport rents and landing fees and then, healthcare cost and the modest salary increase. So, we do 
see some significant inflationary pressures moving against us there. And I think we can you know, we're trying to get it 
too flat. But that's you know, that's our current assessment of what the opportunity is against the inflationary pressures 
that we see. 

<Q - Jamie Baker>: Okay, just wanted to make sure I was looking at my CASM on apples-to-oranges basis. John, a 
question on international fuel surcharges. Are there any crude price levels that we should be focused on, as to, you 
know, whether any significant roll offs of those surcharges start to occur and in fact, our crude price is a specific input 
into your internal RASM model? 

<A - John Tague>: Well, fuel prices are not directly linked to our future adjustments relative to fuel surcharges in the 
region although as you've seen. Some carriers have gone out in that regard. So, you know, I think that the, when we 
when we talk about the connectivity between fuel price and RASM I continue to try to be able to focus back to without 
capacity discipline in that connection is weak. So, you know, we're focused on capacity disciplines. 

<Q - Jamie Baker>: Okay. And then finally, just quick question for Glenn you know I'm curious if given the 
continued industry recovery and sharply higher equity values if the window on consolidation has now closed? 

<A>: You know, I'll say that I continue to take the position that the opportunity for the industry to move beyond the 
improvements that we have as individual carriers realize is to improve the competitive landscape for the next 


generation of cycles. And so I think that from my perspective, it is something that's strategically would be a benefit to 
the industry and as I suspect that those of you on the call know that as well as I do. Whether or not opportunistically we 
reached a point at which the will is not there is really only for time to tell. 

<Q - Jamie Baker>: Okay, all right. Thank you, thank you for all the color gentlemen. Appreciate it. 

<A>: We appreciated it very much. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Ray Neidl with Calyon Securities. Please proceed. 

<Q - Ray Neidl>: Yeah, Jake I just wanted to clarify the tax rate it looks like it was 24% this quarter, and I think you 
alluded next year it's going to be about 38%, it's non-cash, but is that a correct assumption and for the year for 2006 or 
the fourth quarter in 2006 is it going to be some kind of a mix of a tax rate of about 25%? 

<A>: I don't know that I have those numbers handy Ray. We had to obviously book in the quarter we didn't book 
anything in the first or second quarters and so our situation is a little bit confusing. Also because we only booked taxes 
as it relates to the post exit period so it's only for beginning in February, but we had to book them on a year-to-date 
basis and so when we provided the guidance earlier we are thinking of the tax rate as something in the high 30's for 
next year. 

<Q - Ray Neidl>: Okay fine 

<A>: And that would apply for the fourth quarter as well, as we – you know because we are caught up year-to-date, so 
the fourth quarter would be a similar range. 

<Q - Ray Neidl>: 38% okay great. And just a clarification on the regionals, the expenses were always higher than the 
revenues for the regional operation into the second quarter and then it did a reversal was this just an accounting change 
or did you really bring out your partners and reverse the contracts is this something real. 

<A>: This is a fundamental change. 

<Q - Ray Neidl>: Fundamental. 

<A>: We re-negotiated our regional contracts and lowered our cost. We restructured the network, we added 70 seat 
regional jets to the network and we obviously are enjoying a robust revenue environment. But I would like to add that 
that turnaround in performance in the third quarter also we pay higher fuel cost in the regional line, for we pay those 
guys fuel bill, so that we overcame higher fuel cost on the regional line as well, but that's the fundamental performance. 

<Q - Ray Neidl>: Okay, great, that's pretty good then. And Glenn I guess this is just a more general question I don't 
know if you can answer it or not. I know that it's hard to retain good airline management because it's very competitive, 
people can jump out of the industry and so forth but with the recent contract changes I think your pilots have, are a little 
upset about that and their contracts don't become amendable up to 2010, but they are making noises like they want to 
amend their contract. So I was just wondering if you could comment on what they could do or if they could go back to 
2000 where they were disrupting service. 

<A>: No Ray, I think that we work very hard to put the contracts in place that we have. As you know we put them in 
place through consensual negotiations. We – we view our contracts as solid contracts and assets of the company. We 
are going to do exactly what I've said we were going to do relative to all employees', not just pilots. In my previous 
response we are going to engage our employees in our success. We are going to make them a part of our success and as 
we succeed they will too. You will know that we – we made a booking here for profit sharing considerations this year, 
and it's that type of focus that we are going to take rather than amending contracts. 

<Q - Ray Neidl>: Okay, great. And just finally your partner in Canada, Air Canada is experimenting with pricing – 
variable pricing and they've monetized their Frequent Flyer program, are you observing what they are doing and 


maybe... 

<A>: No, never heard of them... 

<Q - Ray Neidl>: Just adopting what they are doing or is it something that's just unique to Canada? 

<A>: Ray, we are – we have been very attentive to what our colleagues and Co-Chair partners and our Star Alliance 
partners have done both in pricing and in organization including the organization of their business units and their 
royalty program much of it I think is in fact unique through the Canadian market, and as you know the relative lack of 
scale, in the Canadian market, but that having been said they are genuinely innovative and whenever we get the 
opportunity to sit down them and compare notes, we do take notes. 

<A>: Where am I just as John, you know, I think that our success with economy process, indicative of our ambition in 
this area, which is really enabled through the easy chequing units and the E-commerce platforms. As you know, we set 
a target of 100 million for next year and we're trending very strongly towards that and I hope sometime during the year, 
frankly, they'd be in a position next year to raise that. Our ambitions have been historically a little bit inhibited by the 
flexibility of our e-commerce platform, we're making good strides. In that regard, we have end-customer beta testing, 
right now, a new platforms and I'm hopeful that over to next few years that's going to allow us to take some of the 
learning we have from Economy Plus, possibly along the lines of some of the things you have seen or getting [ph] to 
execute on and begin to put our toe in that water, which we think is a pretty meaning opportunity for the company 
long-term. 

<Q - Ray Neidl>: Great. Thank you very much. 

<A>: Thank you, Ray. 

Operator 

We have Credit Suisse, your next question comes from Dan McKenzie. Please proceed. 

<Q - Daniel McKenzie>: Hi. Good morning. Thanks. 

<A>: Hi Dan. 

<A>: Hi Dan. 

<Q - Daniel McKenzie>: I'm hoping that you can provide a little bit more perspective or color about how you folks 
plan to compete with low cost carriers, your capacity guidance of up 1% for 2007 of course is encouraging, but as I 
look at a couple of markets Southwest ramping up 7 times in October, between Dallas and Chicago and it looks like for 
the first – pardon me, the first quarter, you folks are going to be reducing capacity in that market 4% and similar with 
Denver, it looks like capacity might be down 1%, between Dallas and, so I'm just wondering, if you can provide a little 
bit more perspective of how you plan to move assets around with respect to low cost carriers, as we look ahead. 

<A>: Well it is John, I think our results are the best indication of how we planned to compete with low cost carriers and 
that we think we're doing so quite effectively. We don't have a one size fits all model, you know we clearly are driven 
by our desire to drive financial performance as a company. In some cases that leads to increases in capacity to respond 
to competition as a responsible decision. In some cases it leads to a re gauging to respond to competition. So, you 
know, we don't have a formulaic approach to that. I'm clearly in Denver you saw the increase substantially this spring 
as a result of resource optimization. Even following the failure of independents there we continue to grow our operation 
in Dallas. So we're very confident about the depth and breadth of our schedule relative to low cost carriers. And I think 
that, you know, frankly the results are an indication of the strength of our proposition against LCC's rather than any 
impending concern. 

<Q - Daniel McKenzie>: Sure. And looking ahead to next year, it appears at least from early signs here that corporate 
travel budgets are going to be flat and you know it appears that corporate travel managers hope to achieve that despite 


higher fares and hotel rates be reduced travel and by the purchase of more non-fundable fares and you know, 
wondering if you can provide some perspective of what you're seeing from your corporate travel customers delta of 
course looking to undercut on trans-conforming with their business products and you know just, if you can provide 
some perspective about achieving a revenue premium, in light, and I guess in a environmental context of high corporate 
travel budgets? 

<A>: I think, you know what – what drives continued revenue improvement is certainly and partially related to pricing 
environment and the structure in corporate demand but it's also related to some of the work that we are doing for 
example on network optimization the decisions that we made are relative to exiting the New York, Tokyo, New York, 
London, are very good in terms of improving revenue performance overtime. Capacity discipline is a big driving 
component. So we have many levers that are available to us to create improved revenue performance and we are not 
you know purely at the mercy of what the trend line is corporate spending. I think notionally, you know, we're hearing 
the same things you are, but you know, I would add that – that's somewhat typical here in the fourth quarters. We are 
all budgeting, it's not too different than Jake's flat guidance to our management team. So I think you know that remains 
to be seen as to how will actually play out next year. But I think it would only be natural given the significant increases 
the industry has accomplished this year to compensate for the fuel environment. You know corporations are going to be 
very focused on controlling this line item as a variable expense and we are going to make progress on the levers we 
have more influence on to overcome them. 

<A>: I think that the point that John made a triangular, in fact to John's point on the discretionary up sale opportunity 
that some of the smaller business passengers that we carry with respect to economy plus is an example of the strategy 
that mitigate what you might be hearing just from corporate travel managers. There is still a good bit of discretion 
across our network for small business people to realize a part of our ambition to take full advantage of the revenue 
opportunity we have got for all of the products we got in the marketplace, Dan. 

<A>: So, I think Daniel, we don't view our performance as to face that outcome, we are on a multi year improvement to 
position the company more favorably versus the competition. So we never view that our revenue performance over the 
next few years will in fact trade purely on whatever market fundamentals are. 

<Q - Daniel McKenzie>: Okay great things very much. Thank you Dan. 

Operator 

And your next question comes from Helane Becker with Benchmark Company. Please proceed. 

<Q - Helane Becker>: Thank you very much operator. Hi gentlemen. Jake I think you said that the impact from on the 
changes in security directors is rather minimal and I was just kind of wondering is that because your business mix has 
changed so much that it's more leisure travel or you know, is there something do more people you know, check their 
bags anyway on your planes, I am kind of trying figure out why other airlines were seeing impacts in the 20 to $50 
million range and yours was small or is 20 to 50 million small? 

<A>: We and we've the number I cited was the cost side only and so that was driven by you know, the higher bag type 
check rates and you know, some of the overtime that we had to put on at the airports to handle that and some of the 
delays that we saw. We you know, Pete and his team did a fabulous job seeing our way through that. We only canceled 
three flights you know, which was a lot different than what some other people did. So, we think that we operated very 
strongly through that. John mentioned that we saw some effect on the revenue side but we didn't classify it as material. 
As you well know, identifying you know, and isolating what is exactly due to the London terrorist incident versus you 
know, the normal seasonal pattern is very, very difficult. We clearly saw some choppiness in post August 10th 
environment in terms of the booking environment. We saw a fall off of bookings and as John would add here but it 
recovered and so it's really hard to nail down a number but I'm convinced that we saw less effect than some of our 
competitors did and you know, part of that was we were really solidly booked going into the event and then Pete and 
his team did a fabulous job managing our way through it. So, we had less you know, customer disruption than perhaps 
some other people did. Allowed there, I would be just emphasizing Jake's point, we had a very solid profile going into 


the event we are very optimistic by the region as we went forward now that, you know, I think, you know, it's hard 
given, you know, double digit RASM increases year-over-year, I mean credit have been obviously, but difficult to 
attribute a whole lot to that, now, I think you know, as we mentioned relative to the fourth quarter outlook, you know, 
clearly, you know, this is causing, you know, some potential softness in year-over-year comps, but it's – you know, 
attack that with preciseness is difficult. 

<A>: I think it's a good example of one of the questions that was posed earlier on the multiple opportunities that we 
have across the organization to realize the best possible outcome and the combination of our operating people on the 
ground at Heathrow, and the fact that – we were going into the experience Helane in a robust position, the consequence 
of work that John and his team had done was a nice intersection of circumstance that I think led to an outcome where 
we didn't see the effects that some of our peers have described. 

<Q - Helane Becker>: Okay, and then with – with just a followup to that if you – if you don't mind. Just on bookings 
going forward John I think you just said that – or you said earlier that the load factor was going to be flat 
year-over-year? 

<A - John Tague>: I would say it's flattish... 

<Q - Helane Becker>: Okay. 

<A - John Tague>: Year-over-year, so I mean we don't – we don't see any significant movement in load factor 
year-over-year. 

<Q - Helane Becker>: And the holiday is booking up, pretty good I'm hearing? 

<A - John Tague>: Yeah, you know, I think we are – I mean obviously, you know when you look at the fourth quarter 
load factor is driven you know, quite a bit by those, you know, two or three week periods and we are not seeing 
anything that concerns is in that regard. 

<Q - Helane Becker>: Great. Thanks for your help everybody. 

<A>: Thank you Helane. 

Operator 

Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes the analyst and investor portion of our call today. Before we take 
questions from the media I would now turn the call over bank to Mr. Tilton for closing our mark. 

Glenn F. Tilton, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks very much and we appreciate all of the questions and the dialogue. We hope that we provided you with some 
better understanding of the – of the quarter and of our views going forward despite the fact that one of your commented 
that we – we now have a press release that's 23 pages long. One of our ambitions frankly is to reduce the number of 
pages in the press release overtime and we think we will accomplish that as well. We think that the bottom line here is 
that we are performing against the core performance agenda that we've set for the company, realizing the potential of 
United. 

We are very much encouraged by these two consecutive quarters, but we are by no means satisfied, which I'm sure you 
will come to realize. We do think that we have created momentum, we think that that momentum is a function of many 
of the things that you have queried on call, not the least of which is employee engagement and improving our customer 
experience and continues improvement and the application of standard work across United's complex business model. 
We're making the most of the opportunity that we created in the restructuring and the foundation that we now have to 
work off then we're going to continue to execute against the very agenda we have discussed with you today. So, with 
that thank you very much for your participation and your questions and we'll look forward to the next opportunity to 


engage you. 
We'd now like to turn the question and answer session over to the media participants on the call. 


Operator 

Thank you ladies and gentlemen. We'd now like to turn the call over to the media. [Operator Instruction]. Your first 
question comes from the line of Ted Reed with TheStreet.com. Please proceed. 

<Q - Ted Reed>: Thank you. I got a couple of things. First of all, Jack, were you taking about operating of fuel 
subsidiaries that has revenues that are incorporated into your RASM number? 

<A>: The reference I made excluded those revenues, we do have a fuel subsidiary and we outlined and then put notes 
to our press release exactly what the fuel subsidiaries revenues are, but when we closed our unit revenue improvement 
we exclude... 

<Q - Ted Reed>: Okay. 

<A>: That fuel subsidiaries. 

<Q - Ted Reed>: And also on that, the $400 million targeted for cost savings in 2007 that was realized in – that will be 
realized in 2006? 

<A>: We said that there was a 135 of the 2007 – of the $400 million in 2007 realized in 2010. 

<Q - Ted Reed>: One other things for Glenn, have you been talking a lot of our consolidation and my impression is 
that the reaction of the industry has been lukewarm to this, are you disappointed by the reactions within the industry, do 
you guys talk of consolidations? 

<A>: No I think that the reaction has been personal, it depends on the circumstances of anybody just put it with 
responsible to a question about it, I think Ted from an industry perspective, it would be a benefit to the industry. I don't 
think the industry is significantly different from other industries that you might cover that have benefited from 
consolidation, but at the end of the day it's such a discretion of the individual participants in any industry as to whether 
or not it's an appropriate thing for them to contemplate, and to having discrete with a number of industries, I'm 
accustomed to it. 

<Q - Ted Reed>: So, this is typical of other industries and that somebody costs are consolidation everybody says, we 
don't need to consolidate? 

<A>: It's typical of other industries that it is left to the discretion of the owners of those particular companies. 

<Q - Ted Reed>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A>: You bet. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Eric Torbenson [ph] with Bloomberg News [ph]. Please proceed. 
<Q>: Good morning, gentlemen, how are you doing? 
<A>: I think very good. 
<A>: Fine, how are you doing? 
<Q>: Very well. You made mention of the potential year-over-year slowing in some of the metrics in terms of yield, 


going forward, John, I wanted to ask if you thought that this at all sales as if you had passed the cycles of peak in terms 



of overall demand, I mean is that year-over-year mirror view [ph] you now, and if that is the case you think of this 
cycle, can you talk a little bit about the – I guess, a little bit of complexity of your operations and which shouldn't 
obviously gather what I'm really deriving in this quarter, but going forward is that going to be same amount of 
complexity going forward? 

<A>: Well, I think, you know, it's important to sort of look at what we would have expected for sometime and then I 
think, that our view of the fourth quarter for sometime has been that we clearly would see a slowing in year-over-year 
improvement and seasonally a weaker period. Some of the leverage we have around the demand/supply relationship is 
not what it is in the third quarter, so I don't think it would be appropriate to attribute all of the, you know, a slowing 
year-over-year to recent events. And however, they clearly have contributed. We believe some of that effect is 
temporary. Airports are actually much easier to get through than customer's perceptions and that's getting better each 
and everyday, so I think to the extent we're experiencing any drag, based upon the perception of inconvenience that's 
either gone away or is really in the process of being mitigated. We really don't see the complexity per se relatively 
speaking in the business model that many people attribute to it, I mean, our model is very similar to peer companies 
within the industry, our customers bode everyday with their dollars that they value that model, so I think that you 
know, we remain very, very confident in a company strategic positioning with its customers and clearly I'd see in the 
undertone here we're not calling a secular change in our positive outlook around the basic demand for the industry and 
particularly for United's products. 

<Q>: Okay and just real quickly in terms of the issue of fleet, with the margins you are generating now and your cash 
position is just a lot more of a typical rumors floating around about potential replacement aircraft for what you're doing, 
I know you went out and showed your cards on the biggie [ph] talk, and just in real general terms about the process, 
when you think about some sort of fleet to change. 

<A>: Yeah, I thought I was fairly clear on the call and that we have no plans to acquire any aircraft. 

<Q>: No, no, you are clear. I'm just saying that – you were very clear about – you're clear okay, but I mean at some 
point in time, I mean, your competitors especially in a global environment are becoming almost meddled [ph] more 
efficient aircraft at some markets, is that something that you've been looking at to sort of process to think about new 
planes, as you marketing your mussels [ph] clearly are improving and perhaps justifies just you know, of... 

<A>: Well, you know, we have the benefit of having one of the younger fleets in the industries for network carriers, 
and you know, having said that obviously, it's getting a year older every year, as we don't replace planes. The oldest 
planes in our fleet are our 737s, which are kind of 17 or 18 years old now, and you would typically fly those well into 
their 20, so we have a lot of time before we actually need to take any replacement action. Having said all that, there are 
some attractive aircraft types out there. They aren't available for many, for several years at least, the 787 is an attractive 
aircraft, the A350 may or may not be an attractive aircraft, although we have to wait and see. And you know those may 
be something that sometime we're interested in. We don't plan to begin any of those processes until we've, you know, 
had a consistent track record of meeting and beating our business plan and we've got basically two quarters under our 
belt right now and we'd like to see at least another two quarters under our belt, preferably four quarters under our belt, 
before we start thinking about that sort of thing. 

<Q>: Thank you Glenn. 

<A>: You know, the only thing I would is that you know, we're – that's not the only lever we can pull to improve the 
customer experience relative to our equipment. We've announced this multi $100 million project to improve our 
premium cabins that we will begin to put in the marketplace next year. We believe that's market leading, we will reveal 
it to the market probably in the first quarter of next year. So, you know, we're making significant investment and 
making our current fleet even more competitive from a customer perspective. 

<A>: [indiscernible] that both John and Jake spoke to and certainly Greg and Pete would agree is the role that the 
70-seat aircraft has played in our customers current experience, which was an integral part of the new United that 
pre-structuring didn't exist. 

<Q>: Gotcha. Thanks very much all of you for your help. 


<A>: You bet [indiscernible] 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Mary Wisniewski with Chicago Sun-Times. Please proceed. 

<A>: Hey Mary, how are you? 

<Q - Mary Wisniewski>: Hi, good morning, all right. Jake I just had a question regarding you had talked about a 
modest 1.5% salary increase, I wonder which – to which group of employees that applies? 

<A - Jake Brace>: What I was referring to was on average, it would be 1.5% increase, we have all the employees have 
slightly different increases, so the pilots get 1.5% increase, in May the flight attendants get a 2% increase in May the 
IAM gets a 1.5% increase in May the AMFA, our mechanics union gets a 1.5% increase in January and then we'll 
likely do something with our salary and management group as we did this year. So, when you sort of go through all that 
math it averages out to about 1.5% for the year. 

<Q - Mary Wisniewski>: Does that include what executives receive was that on a different time with a different 
measure? 

<A - Jake Brace>: No that includes what exactly you are seeing. 

<Q - Mary Wisniewski>: Okay, thanks. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from line of Kelly Yamanouchi with Denver Post. Please proceed. 

<A>: Hello Kelly. 

<Q - Kelly Yamanouchi>: Hi there, I am wondering what were the changes to your regional contract that reduced 
your cost there? 

<A>: So I just tell you we I think principally it was the replacement of Air Wisconsin year-year-over, but a big lever 
that Jake mentioned to was the enormous efficiency of the 70 seat jet that has a tremendous unit cost advantages as well 
as significant attractiveness to our customers. 

<Q - Kelly Yamanouchi>: Okay. 

Operator 

With Aviation Daily, your next question comes from Steve Lott. Please proceed. 

<A>: Hallo Steve. 

<Q - Steven Lott>: Hey good morning I wanted to ask the performance specific to the Ted operation and p.s. how is 
that operation doing and seems you haven't been too interested in expanding it, obviously Ted expanded a lot last year. 
Is that on hold for a while? 

<A>: Well I think you know, I mean our expansion here with Ted shouldn't be per se any indication of our satisfaction 
with the initiative. I mean we size the operation currently much higher than our original intentions were based upon the 
success that we had. So the fleet complement we have today is a larger than we outlined initially. It's doing exactly the 
job we set it out to do, which is to improve financial performance of highly competitive leisure markets. So, we're 
selectively growing that particularly in the Caribbean and Mexico and are very satisfied with the brand and the product 


line. p.s. is improving daily and is well on excess of our initial business case and we do have an eye towards potential 
of expanding that operation in the future, nothing to announce at this point in time. But it clearly it's performance 
justifies you know, serious consideration of more product and we'll continue to evaluate that. 

<Q - Steven Lott>: Okay and in terms of international specific transatlantic expansion out of – out of Dulles you 
announced Rome for next year. Anything beyond that or do you not – do you not have the aircraft to add any more 
flights. 

<A>: We're in the progress of finalizing our schedules for the summer of '07 and I think you will possibly see some 
additional modest increases relative to our transatlantic schedule 

<Q - Steven Lott>: And are you able to follow any of some of the other carriers that are using or are you interested in 
using 757s flying transatlantic? 

<A>: The 757 for United is a little bit of a different animal frankly simply given the relative range out of Dulles as 
compared to New York so that opportunity which has been very successfully implemented by some of our competitors 
would appear to be much more limited given our rate structure. 

<Q - Steven Lott>: Gotcha, okay thanks very much. 

Company Representative 

Thank you Steve. I think that the indication here is that's the last question. We appreciate the participation very much 
and with that we will conclude the call. Thank you 

Operator 

Thank for your attendance in today's conference. This concludes your presentation. You may now disconnect. Good 
day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2010, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


