Q3 2007 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Kathryn Mikells, Vice President, Investor Relations 
• Glenn F. Tilton, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• Frederic F. Brace, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
• John P. Tague, Executive Vice President and Chief Revenue Officer 
Other Participants 

• Frank Boroch 
• Gary Chase 
• Robert Barry 
• Michael Linenburg 
• William Greene 
• Raymond Neidl 
• Kevin Crissey 
• Jamie Baker 
• Daniel McKenzie 
• Susanna Ray 
• Barbara De Lollis 
• Graham Atkinson 
• Ted Reed 
• Kelly Yamanouchi 
• John Pletz 
• Laura Mandaro 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning, and welcome to the UAL Corporation's earnings conference call for the third quarter of 2007. My name 
is Bill and I will be your conference facilitator today. Following the prepared remarks from UAL's management, we 
will open the lines for questions from analysts. At the end of the analyst Q&A, at approximately noon Eastern Time, 
we will take questions from the media. [Operator Instructions]. This call is being recorded and is copyrighted. Please 
note that it cannot be recorded, transcribed, or rebroadcast without UAL's permission. Your participation implies 
consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, simply drop off the line. 

I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Kathryn Mikells. Please go ahead, ma'am. 

Kathryn Mikells, Vice President, Investor Relations 

Thanks, Bill. Welcome everyone to UAL's third quarter earnings conference call. The earnings announcement was 
released earlier this morning and is available on our website at www.united.com/ir. Let me point out that the statements 
in the press release and those made during this conference call may contain various forward-looking statements, which 
represent the company's expectations or beliefs concerning future events. All forward-looking statements are based 


upon information currently available to the company. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially 
from our current expectations. Please refer to our press release, Form 10-K, and other reports filed with the SEC for a 
more thorough description of these factors. 

Lastly, during the course of our call, we will be discussing several non-GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation 
of these non-GAAP numbers to GAAP financial measures, please refer to our earnings release. 

And now I'd like to turn the call over to Glenn Tilton, UAL's Chairman, President and CEO. Glenn? 

Glenn F. Tilton, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Kathy, and good morning and welcome everyone on the call. Joining me and participating on the call today are 
Jake Brace, our Chief Financial Officer; John Tague, Chief Revenue Officer; also here with us and available to take 
questions are Peter D. McDonald, our Chief Operating Officer and Graham Atkinson, our Chief Customer Officer. 

Earlier today, we reported our third quarter results, which reflect the financial gains being driven by our work to 
improve every aspect of the core business. Our performance is among the best in the industry across nearly every 
financial metric, be it revenue, profits, margin, and cash flow. We reported a pre-tax net profit for the quarter, 
excluding special items, of nearly $0.5 billion, well over twice the pre-tax profit we reported a year ago. 

Our net income, again excluding special items, was $295 million, increasing by some $132 million, 81% higher than 
the quarter a year ago, in spite of fuel at around $75 a barrel and a tax rate that was 17 points higher year over year. 
Both our operating revenues and expenses had special items associated with them this quarter, the effect of which was 
an increase in GAAP pre-tax and net income, and Jake will speak to these in a few moments. 

We continue at United our disciplined approach to capacity management and our numbers clearly demonstrate that we 
are benefiting from the work of John and his team to aggressively manage deployment of our assets and to improve our 
revenue performance. Our passenger revenue performance was among the best in the industry, with mainline passenger 
unit revenue, excluding special items, increasing by 9.7% compared to the third quarter of last year. John will add his 
personal perspective and that of his team on the quarter later in the call. 

We are continuing to focus on controlling our costs, with operating expenses in line with our guidance, up 
approximately 0.5% from the previous year. As we indicated when we provided guidance last month, our third quarter 
CASM was impacted by a non-cash charge for surplus and obsolete maintenance inventory and increased accrued 
expense for profit-sharing programs that would be paid out to all employees and have been driven by the improved 
revenue expectations I discussed a moment ago. As has been often mentioned, this is a high-class problem for United. 

It's worth noting that our programs to have the same metrics -- our programs have the same metrics for everyone, 
management and frontline, and our profit-sharing program pays out essentially from the first dollar in pre-tax profit. 
Our employees have earned over $100 million in profit sharing year to date. Actual payouts, of course, will depend on 
our fourth quarter performance. 

Our operating profit, excluding special items, was $589 million, almost double that of the previous year. With an 
operating margin of 10.7%, we improved upon the strong margins we achieved last quarter. In addition, we generated 
operating cash flow of $342 million, 211 million higher than a year ago. Our strong cash flow distinctive to United 
flow allows us to reinvest in the business, reduce our debt, and consider shareholder-friendly options. 

In that vein, last month we met with our Board for our annual strategic planning session to discuss the future of the 
company. The management team and our directors have taken a deep analytic dive across all elements of our business, 
looking ahead to our competitive position in the marketplace five years out. The entire team, those who developed the 
plan and those who have responsibility for its execution, joined the Board for that discussion. As I told our employees 
on a recent call, the performance we are posting across the company, as evidenced by the results this quarter, have put 
us in a position to look to our future with confidence. 


Our five-year plan builds on our strong competitive results, as we work to further differentiate ourselves in the 
marketplace with our best customers. Our five-year plan provides the roadmap to better manage through the 
down-cycles that are inevitable and to create value for all stakeholders, both of which the vast majority of the US 
airline industry has consistently failed to do. Rather, as those of you on the call know better than most, US airlines have 
consistently destroyed value. We recognize that in order to succeed, we must take a different approach, resuming all 
opportunities to create value and position the company for long-term success. 

We have long stated our belief that consolidation is a strategic imperative for the industry and can create benefits for all 
stakeholders. We are looking at every segment of our business to determine what is core and what is not to eliminate 
cross-subsidies that mask inefficiencies. We are identifying how to unlock the value associated with the portfolio of 
businesses such as Mileage Plus in our maintenance division. By dis-aggregating and eliminating cross-subsidies, we'll 
strengthen these businesses and our core business. While discussion of unlocking the value of these businesses has 
drawn considerable attention, the bulk of our effort is concentrated on improving the airline. 

We will further strengthen our airline by continuing to focus on delivering better experience for our customers, offering 
differentiated products and services our customers value, developing new sources of revenue, controlling our costs, 
implementing standard work processes across the system, and by providing the tools and training our employees need 
and by improving their work environment. 

We measure and we track our success through a balanced scorecard that aligns work across the company for all 
workgroups. We set stretch targets, which are tied directly to our success-sharing and our profit-sharing programs in 
which, as I said earlier, everyone participates. Our scorecard is a critical connection from our boardroom across the 
organization, with performance boards throughout the airports and management offices along with issues boards, where 
every employee is expected to raise issues and ideas that impact or improve performance. This brings transparency to 
our goals and our progress, and most importantly involves everyone in achieving these goals. 

Our success is a direct reflection of the work our people are doing across the company to improve our performance and 
our focus on improving our customers' experience at every interaction is working very well for us. We continue to 
invest in new products and services for our customers. Very shortly, our inaugural flight for our new international 
premium products takes off from our hub in Dulles to Frankfurt. This is a significant upgrade and will ensure that 
United has the leading US premium products with fully lie-flat seats in both first and business class and is competitive 
with the best foreign carriers. 

Taking United apart by providing a more personalized experience for our best customers, coupled with the impact of 
process improvement across the system, will continue to drive margin leadership and improved reliability. Reliability 
and on-time performance are just as important to our customers. Regardless of our exposure to ATC-challenged 
airports, we outperformed peers on average on-time performance and the handling of bags. 

We've demonstrated our willingness to work with the government on solutions to relieve the burden on the nation's 
antiquated ATC system, as we did when we voluntarily reduced arrivals at O'Hare, our largest hub. These measures, 
whilst somewhat effective in the short term, are not the answer to the problem, as they constrict growth and 
competition and can limit service to smaller markets; nor it is charging for slots or congestion pricing that penalizes 
carriers for flying when their customers want to travel and does nothing to address the inequity of how the system is 
currently funded. 

We need to move to a satellite-based system, funded appropriately with both commercial and corporate jets paying 
their fair share and we need to do so now to meet customer demand and eliminate delays that cost airlines and their 
customers billions of dollars each year. 

We continue at United to strengthen our international network with the announcement of a new route to China. Next 
year, we'll begin service between San Francisco and Guangzhou, our sixth daily non-stop service to China, resourcing 
aircraft from our existing fleet for new international service by moving out of less profitable routes and operating our 
aircraft more efficiently. This disciplined process is key to improving margin and performance, and generating a 
reasonable financial return on the capital we have deployed throughout the business. 


With that, I'll hand over to Jake to take us through more of the quarter's results. Jake, over to you. 

Frederic F. Brace, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks, Glenn. Good morning, everyone. As Glenn mentioned, this quarter we were clearly hitting on all cylinders 
with great revenue results, exceptional margin improvement, continued strong below the line performance, and 
improved cash flow. The result this quarter, as Glenn mentioned, include a number of special items associated with our 
bankruptcy case, impacting both revenue and operating expenses. 

We had a one-time non-cash credit to passenger revenue of $45 million this quarter, related to the final resolution of 
certain administrative claims from our restructuring. We also had 22 million in restructuring-related cost reductions. As 
we walk you through our numbers for the quarter, we will be excluding these items in order to provide a clear picture 
of our fundamental performance. 

We generated an operating profit of 589 million this quarter, a year-over-year improvement of 284 million or 93%, 
resulting in a nearly 5-point improvement in our operating margin to 10.7%. Pre-tax income which, given our NOLs, is 
the primary metric we use to measure our performance, was up 127% to almost $0.5 billion. 

Net income this quarter was 295 million or $1.96 per diluted share, beating the consensus. Our third quarter net profit is 
after applying a tax rate of 41%; I'd note that this tax rate was a couple of points higher than the rate used to develop 
the consensus, this means that our outperformance of consensus was greater than it would appear at first blush. 

As Glenn noted earlier, in the third quarter of 2006 we had a tax rate of 24%. As you may recall, the third quarter of 
last year was the first time we booked a tax expense since emergence. That expense was based on year-to-date pre-tax 
income and resulted in a lower effective tax rate for that quarter. With that being said, despite the large increase in the 
tax rate, net income grew by 132 million or 81% year over year. 

As we've noted in previous quarters, tax expense should be viewed primarily as a non-cash item. Due to our large NOL 
balance, we anticipate paying only minimal cash taxes for the foreseeable future. 

As you know, our reported earnings include a number of non-cash fresh-start exit-related charges and we have 
attempted to identify these impacts for investors. As usual, all of the details of these effects can be found in the tables to 
our earnings release and posted on our website. 

The impact of Mileage Plus accounting was modest this quarter. The fresh-start accounting methodology cost us $35 
million in revenue versus the previous method, which was more than offset by a $50 million revenue benefit from the 
change to the expiration period for miles from 36 to 18 months. Net-net, the effect of Mileage Plus accounting changes 
resulted in passenger revenues increasing by 15 million. On a year-over-year basis, these accounting changes resulted 
in revenues increasing by 32 million. 

As many of you will have noted, passenger unit revenues came in significantly above guidance. First, we had the 
one-time special credit to passenger revenue of 45 million, which I noted earlier. Second, September core revenue 
performance was significantly stronger than we had expected, higher by approximately $50 million. 

John will provide you more details on our strong revenue performance in a few minutes. Cargo and other revenue of 
438 million came in slightly above the top end of our guidance. We saw a strong performance in cargo revenues, which 
grew by 8.2%, reflecting increased freight volumes in both domestic and Atlantic markets. 

One factor affecting other operating revenues is lower third-party pass-through fuel sales at United Aviation Fuels 
Corp. This quarter, pass-through fuel sales were down 85 million to just $3 million. We expect to record other revenue 
of approximately 225 million to 235 million for the fourth quarter, and 990 million to 1 billion even for the full-year 
2007. Included in that guidance is our expectation that UAFC revenue will be about $5 million in the fourth quarter. 
Excluding UAFC, third quarter mainline RASM increased 9.7% year over year. Consolidated RASM, again excluding 
UAFC, increased by 9%. 


Turning to costs. Our cost performance this quarter was good, especially in light of the 1.3% consolidated capacity 
reduction, with operating expenses up approximately 0.5% and mainline CASM of 1.2% this quarter versus the same 
quarter of 2006. As Glenn mentioned, our mid-September cost guidance reflected 31 million in additional expenses to 
recognize a non-cash charge for surplus and obsolete maintenance inventory and also higher accruals for profit-sharing 
programs driven by improved revenue expectations. As we close the books for September, our better-than-expected 
revenue performance caused us to increase our accruals for profit sharing even further. As a result, mainline CASM, 
excluding fuel, was up to 5.8%, at the top end of our guidance. 

Now, let me walk you through some of the expense categories where we saw significant changes this quarter. 
Maintenance was up 17% or $43 million due to a combination of higher maintenance volumes and rate increases on our 
V2500 powered by the hour contracts. Purchase services were 42 million or 14% higher, primarily due to increased IT 
expenses for new applications and other technology being deployed in support of our customer and employee 
initiatives. In addition, we increased outsourcing versus last year and also had a small negative impact from the 
weakening dollar. Finally, depreciation and amortization costs were up 19 million due to the one-time non-cash charge 
of 18 million for surplus and obsolete maintenance inventory that I just talked about. 

We recognized a net gain on hedge contracts of 18 million, of which 8 million related to hedge position selling in the 
third quarter. All of this is recorded in fuel expense, including the benefits of hedging. Average mainline jet fuel price, 
including taxes, was $2.22 per gallon for the quarter compared with 2.30 last year. On the non-operating side, we 
recorded total non-op expense of 91 million, at the low end of our guidance. 

Before going through our cash performance, I wanted to point out that starting this quarter we've included a condensed 
cash flow statement along with our press release, I hope you find this information helpful. 

We again delivered strong cash flow in the third quarter. Our operating cash flow of 342 million was 211 million or 
161% higher year over year. As a reminder, our cash flow from operations was up 38% in the first quarter of this year 
and up 51% in the second quarter. Free cash flow, which we define as operating cash flow less capital expenditures, 
came in at 60 million this quarter, up from 38 million last year. Free cash flow was artificially depressed by the effect 
of an aircraft financing transaction that we completed this quarter. 

In order to refinance certain aircraft in our fleet at a lower cost, we purchased three aircraft during the quarter that were 
previously leased for a total purchase price in excess of $150 million. The purchase of these aircraft was financed with 
the proceeds of the EETC transaction that we executed near the end of the second quarter. I want to stress that this 
transaction did not result in any change to the company's fleet count, which remains at 460 mainline aircraft. The 
purchase price for these aircraft was classified as a capital expenditure causing free cash flow to be lower than it 
otherwise would have been. Excluding the effects of this transaction, we would have generated more than $200 million 
of free cash flow this quarter, significantly higher than last year. 

We also continued our efforts to de-leverage our balance sheet, repurchasing 76 million of debt securities. These 
securities are classified as held-for-sale investments on our balance sheet that are effectively a reduction in debt. As we 
noted in our press release, when we discuss our total debt balance, we deduct this repurchase debt. 

During the quarter, we reduced our total debt by 210 million through the execution of the transactions I just referred to, 
as well as scheduled debt amortization. We ended the quarter with total debt, including off-balance sheet capitalized 
aircraft rents and municipal debt, of $12.2 billion. Year-to-date, we have reduced total on and off-balance sheet debt by 

1.6 billion, and expect a reduction of approximately 100 million in 2008 financing cost through these and other 
transactions implemented since the first of the year. 
Our unrestricted cash and short-term investment balance remained steady at $4.2 billion, despite the cash outflows 
during the quarter for the aircraft purchases I mentioned, other capital expenditures, and debt reduction. Our net debt 
currently stands at 8.0 billion, a reduction of approximately 2.7 billion in the last 20 months. 

Despite the challenges produced by an environment of increasing load factors and ATC congestion, our recent 
operating performance continues to improve our relative standing in the DOT on-time ranking. For the 12 months 
ended August, United ranked third for on-time arrivals among the six network carriers, in comparison a year ago we 


ranked fifth. Our baggage performance also continues to improve, with United ranking first among our peers in DOT 
baggage performance in both July and August. 

As we move forward with our five-year plan, which Glenn highlighted a few minutes ago, we are working to mitigate 
the difficult ATC environment and are pursuing nearly 40 policy process, resource, and infrastructure opportunities to 
strengthen the liability across our system, including pursuing an ATC mitigation strategy with the FAA and supporting 
the O'Hare Modernization Program. Our expectation is that these initiatives will improve our performance while 
simultaneously helping us to control costs. 

John will now fill you in in the quarter's revenue results and the work underway to continue to drive the strong revenue 
performance. 

John P. Tague, Executive Vice President and Chief Revenue Officer 

Thanks, Jake. During the third quarter, United's passenger revenue performance was among the best in the industry. We 
achieved these results by delivering against our strategy of continuously driving improvement in all areas of revenue 
execution and aggressively managing our capacity. Third quarter mainline PRASM was up 9.7%, and consolidated 
PRASM was up 8.9%. Strong results for September pushed us above the guidance we provided and further reflect the 
benefits we are enjoying as a result of the actions we have taken to improve our revenue performance. 

International markets continued to perform exceptionally well. Despite a very difficult comp year over year, we still 
delivered significant international PRASM growth of 10.8%. Latin American PRASM increased by 11.7% year over 
year, Pacific PRASM growth was particularly robust, up 9.2% on top of a 14.1% increase last year. PRASM growth in 
the Atlantic was strong, growing by 12.2% year over year on top of a 10.8% increase last year and against a capacity 
increase of 4.4% this quarter. 

Our performance across Europe was solid. One of the things that differentiated us from our competitors was that our 
Heathrow performance was quite good, with year-over-year RASM growth in the low double digits. Earlier this year, 
we knew we had to act decisively to reverse the domestic drag on our performance. And I am pleased to report that our 
domestic improvement has kept pace with our international momentum. 

Domestic mainline PRASM was up 9%, aided by a year-over-year capacity reduction of 4.6%. Regional markets also 
improved, with PRASM up 4.6%, lower than our mainline results due in part to a 4.6% increase in stage length and 
capacity growth of 1.3%. Overall, Express continues to improve its contribution of the bottom line, in fact increasing 
by 13% or 8 million year over year. 

I know that many of you are interested in our transcon performance in the face of new LCC competition. While new 
competition obviously affects us, our RASM performance in those markets continues to be excellent, with 
year-over-year RASM growth of 13% in the quarter. 

Our consolidated results were driven by an approximately 1 point higher load factor and a 7.8% increase in yield versus 
the third quarter of 2006. Our mainline results were driven by a 1.1% increase in load factor and a yield improvement 
of 8.2% year over year, providing nice evidence that these load factors continue to reach record levels, we can drive 
performance improvements through yield. 

I would like to spend a few minutes discussing United's view and strategy on capacity planning and allocation. United 
has had a longstanding commitment to capacity discipline. Three years ago, we led the industry in shifting capacity 
towards high-performing international markets, while dramatically reducing our domestic capacity spends. This past 
spring, we accelerated this strategy once again, reducing our domestic capacity growth by about 2% from previously 
planned levels without compromising the quality of our schedule. This decisive action is part of a long-term strategy to 
drive improvements in revenue performance at United, particularly during softer domestic market conditions. 

Clearly, our approach is paying off, given our second and third quarter results. This in combination with effective 
revenue management and actions to strengthen the network resulted in a turnaround of our domestic unit revenues. Our 


five-year plan that Glenn discussed earlier calls for the continued dedication to responsibly drive capacity discipline in 
a manner that reflects market realities around profitable demand. 

I want to emphasize profitable demand. United is not meeting available demand today, and if we were our revenue 
performance would not be nearly as strong. Far too long this industry has deployed capacity based on a slavish belief in 
marginal economics. Somewhere in the process the industry has lost sight of the fact that marginal costs don't stay 
marginal and marginal revenues not only often stay that way, but can actually be destructive to core revenue 
performance. It's the quality of the revenue that will ultimately enable the industry to produce a sustainable return on 
the assets and capital that we have deployed in the business. 

Our observation over the last few years is that rather than expanding the revenue pie, marginal capacity pollutes the 
entire pricing curve. United has shown that by being disciplined, we can improve the quality of our revenue and expand 
our profit margins. As we look forward, you can expect that we will continue to be prudent in our capacity planning, 
while we utilize all the other levers we have available to continue to strengthen our revenue performance. 

Our five-year plan seeks to expand upon the gains we have achieved through execution quality, while bringing to scale 
the successes we have had in creating new revenue streams. We need to have the commercial courage around 
enhancing the revenue model and reducing selling costs. It is the right capacity plan that makes that possible. Our 
results demonstrate that is true for United and we believe true for our industry. 

As Jake will discuss momentarily, we will be taking further reductions in domestic capacity in 2008, while pursuing 
quality growth opportunities internationally. There has been a lot of discussion recently about a weakening economy 
and its potential effect on travel demand. From our perspective, we are not seeing any evidence of a slowdown in 
demand. Looking close then at the fourth quarter, we expect strong and balanced unit revenue growth, both 
internationally and domestically. 

The bottom line is that we are encouraged about our revenue performance as we look forward to 2008 because we have 
appropriately set the table, and we have a willingness to use all the tools at our disposal to influence the outcome, while 
executing a strategy that, we believe, is consistent with our shareholders' expectations. 

Now, back to Jake. 

Frederic F. Brace, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks, John. Moving to guidance, our fourth quarter capacity guidance is appropriately conservative reflecting 
escalating fuel prices, with spot rates close to $90 a barrel. For the fourth quarter, we expect North American capacity 
to be down 4.5 to 5.5%, while international capacity is expected to be up 4.5 to 5.5%. Overall, fourth quarter mainline 
capacity is expected to be down 0.5 to 1.5%. Express capacity is expected to be up 2.5 to 3.5%, resulting in fourth 
quarter consolidated capacity flat to down 1%. 

For the full year of 2007, we expect mainline capacity to be down 0.5% to 1.5% and consolidated capacity to be flat to 
down 1%. For 2008, we expect mainline capacity to be flat to up 1%, with domestic mainline capacity down 3 to 4% 
and international capacity up 5.5 to 6.5%. We expect United Express capacity to be up 1 to 2%, leading to consolidated 
capacity being flat to up 1%. Having said all that, we retain the ability to further reduce capacity, if necessary, as we 
have a large number of unencumbered aircraft, as well as some that come up for lease renewal next year. 

On the cost side, we estimate that mainline CASM, ex fuel and special charges, will be up 6 to 6.5% in the fourth 
quarter, approximately half of the year-over-year increase is driven by higher maintenance cost due to increased heavy 
maintenance volumes, both airframe and engine, as well as rate increases in some of our outsourcing contracts. Another 
1 point of the increase is due to lower operating expenses in the fourth quarter of 2006 from the two favorable 
insurance settlements, higher profit-sharing expenses causing 1 point of the year-over-year increase. Since the end of 
the second quarter, our earnings forecast has risen causing a substantial increase to our profit-sharing expectations. 


A comment on the implied change in our fourth quarter cost guidance. While we didn't provide explicit cost guidance 
in the fourth quarter, if you use the data we provided you for the three quarters and the full year, you would have 
backed into an increase in fourth quarter CASM, ex fuel, of 4.8% based on our previous guidance, that obviously at 
midpoint is being raised to 6.25%, an increase of some 1.4 points. 

There are three things that drive that. One is we have further lowered capacity versus the previous guidance we gave 
you; second, I just mentioned our profit-sharing expectations have grown for the year, I'd note that we book 
profit-sharing a little bit differently than some of our competitors in that we estimate our full-year profit and then we 
book a proportion of that in each quarter, and since our full-year profit expectations have gone up, the amount that we 
will be booking in the fourth quarter has also gone up; and then the third piece that has increased our guidance 
somewhat modestly is maintenance expenses and we can talk about that more in the Q&A. 

For the full-year 2007, CASM, ex fuel, special charges, and severance, is expected to be up about 2.5%, slightly higher 
than our prior guidance reflecting higher maintenance cost and the increased profit-sharing I just mentioned. We are 
still in the process of completing our budget and we'll provide 2008 CASM guidance on our fourth quarter conference 
call. You can find our fuel and hedge position guidance in our earnings release. 

And now, Bill, we are ready to open the call for questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you very much, sir. First, we will take questions from the analyst community, then we will take questions from 
the media. The question-and-answer session will be conducted electronically. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question 
comes from the line of Frank Boroch of Bear Stearns. Please proceed. 

<Q - Frank Boroch>: Good morning. Glenn, I was hoping maybe you could shed some light on some of the 250 
initiatives you alluded to, sort of what's first up in the five-year strategic plan that you can share with us today? 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: Frank, there are two types of initiatives, I appreciate the question, that we're focusing on. 
Strategic, as I mentioned in my comments, and I think Jake and John have both referred to. We discussed with the 
Board, we are further along in developing the possibility of the MRO transaction than we are with Mileage Plus. And 
we've said previously that we are focusing on both businesses within the portfolio, businesses at United, so that we can 
clearly make a distinction as to their value. We hope to have a P&L for Mileage Plus developed by the first of the year 
and then we will run the business accordingly. But we are further along with the maintenance division. 

The 250 initiatives really speak to the issue of the core business. We have initiatives all across the business that are a 
function of the $4 billion capital budget that we have allocated across the strat plan, and they cover the full spectrum of 
the margin, from revenue, all of John's initiatives that he alluded to in his comments, through Peter in the management 
of the operation, and Graham in the customer experience initiatives that we have underway. 

The point that we wanted to make about 250 is that we think we've reached a point at which the improvement that we 
expect of ourselves throughout the five-year plan is going to come in smaller increments than those that you might be 
accustomed to, for a company that's just come out of restructuring, we've talked about increments of value in large 
numbers. These are going to run the full spectrum from managed in the context of tens of thousands, up to millions, and 
I think that's the point that we wanted to make with 250. We also wanted to make the point that we are very transparent 
in the way that we account for the accountability around these initiatives, Frank. 

<Q - Frank Boroch>: Okay. Great. That's helpful. And Glenn, if you could maybe touch on your latest thinking with 
oil approaching $90 a barrel and some calls for a recession next year; do you think the likelihood of industry 
consolidation has increased? 


<A - Glenn Tilton>: Well, two things, Frank. Number one, I think that oil is going to continue to have a risk premium 
associated with it that is virtually incalculable, evidenced by the current situation playing out on the Turkish-Kurdish 
border, that clearly the market didn't expect. And I think that triangulates then, Frank, into a financial speculation 
relative to the risk premium. That probably puts anywhere from 15 to $20 into oil that, frankly, we simply can't account 
for relative to the fundamentals of supply and demand. You continue to see demand being pulled down, I think I saw a 
report yesterday, Frank, that talked about Chinese demand coming in lower than expectations. But, sooner or later, the 
fundamentals obviously are going to have their moment. And I think as well, prices at anywhere between 70 to $90, 
you can continue to stimulate alternative forms of energy. And that ultimately will have its effect, too. But right now I 
think that the market is all about risk in financial players and commodities, we need to recognize that. 

With respect to recession, John spoke to the fact that in our business anyway, we aren't seeing any evidence of it, 
Frank, but my view is that at some point we are all going to do the work that we are able to do independent of one 
another. In some point, we should turn our attention to the synergies that exist between us in the industry, which we 
would classify in our vernacular here at United is unnecessary waste. 

<Q - Frank Boroch>: Great. Okay, thank you. 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: You bet. 

Operator 

Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, your next question comes from the line of Gary Chase of Lehman 
Brothers. Please proceed. 

<Q - Gary Chase>: Good morning, everybody. 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: Good morning, Gary. 

<Q - Gary Chase>: I wanted to see if you guys could give us a little bit more flavor for the capacity plans you put in 
the release regarding 2008. It looks like the domestic cuts are a bit deeper than we've been thinking and certainly more 
than the run-rate you are on now. So, incrementally, can you give us a little flavor for what's happening there? And 
then, also, John, in the vein of kind of what you were saying, this slavish reliance, I think you called it, on marginal 
economics. Can you just explain it to us? I'm sorry. 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: That's exactly what he said. 

<Q - Gary Chase>: Can you explain to us on the international side, what's the opportunity that's driving the need to 
dial up the growth there, because it seems like that's what you are doing, is supplanting domestic for international? 

<A - John Tague>: Yeah. So, I think as it relates to the capacity guidance, while we are not providing quarterly 
guidance for next year, you should assume that most of that capacity reduction is coming out in the first six months of 
next year, as we dialed our capacity down throughout 2007. 

<Q - Gary Chase>: Right. 

<A - John Tague>: We think that's the right place to be. I mean that we simply reject the idea that capacity plans 
should remain stagnant regardless of the price of fuel, it's just -- it doesn't calculate. We are quite comfortable, but we 
retain the flexibility, as Jake said, to move up or down. We have been relatively cautious in terms of international 
growth as compared to some of our peers, but are growing at a rate that is greater than others. I think, as Glenn pointed 
out, we continue to have significant opportunity to re-optimize within the existing fleet. So we are eliminating some 
marginal performing routes in favor of greater opportunities. We are also improving our asset utilization as we re-look 
at some of our maintenance criteria. So we are getting good economics out of the existing fleet. We too are cautious as 
to whether these unit revenue growth rates can continue to run at the level they are and, consequently, I think that's 
reflected in a relatively modest growth rate for international next year, but international margins are recovering quite 
nicely. 


<Q - Gary Chase>: Is there any way to characterize what you're doing domestically, has it come disproportionately 
from one area? 

<A - John Tague>: I think as we've done really throughout the last three to four years, we've worked very hard to 
maintain the depth and breadth of our schedule and the schedule quality, particularly for our corporate customers and 
that's been achieved by effectively utilizing the 70-seat regional jet capability, moving our wide bodies into more 
effective use internationally and, consequently, simply down-gauging the domestic network, and that's been the right 
answer for us in terms of margin performance. We know that others are pursuing up-gauging in pursuit of lower 
marginal cost to then again, in our view, accept unprofitable marginal demand. So, we are just going to continue down 
this path and we are very pleased with the results. I will point out that we don't think we are executing as well as we 
will be able to in the future on the revenue side and there's lots more of make our own luck opportunities on the 
revenue side at United. 

<Q - Gary Chase>: It didn't sound like there are any big red zones we need to be aware of, right? 

<A - John Tague>: No. We are seeing a very, very balanced outcome across the entities, which tells us that our 
capacity allocation is on target right now, but we are very, very keen to constantly reevaluate that, the wonderful things 
about airplanes is they are moveable. 

<Q - Gary Chase>: And then just a quick net, on the 13% transcon gain, is that in Virgin overlap markets only or is 
that for the entire transcon entity for United? 

<A - John Tague>: That's for the entire transcon entity for United, but again we're pretty circumspect about how we're 
managing our capacity against LCCs. We're not fighting the battle between the titans, we're trying to offer a product for 
our corporate customers and to demonstrate that we can produce an acceptable financial return in the face of continuing 
LCC competition and that's where our strategy is focused. 

<Q - Gary Chase>: So it's not materially different in the Virgin markets? 

<A - John Tague>: No, I will point out that JFK San Francisco, where we had the most significant Virgin overlap 
during the quarter, did experience positive unit revenue growth year over year. 

<Q - Gary Chase>: Okay, thanks, everybody. 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, your next question comes from the line of Robert Barry of Goldman 
Sachs. Please proceed. 

<Q - Robert Barry>: Hi, guys. Good morning. Hello. Hello. Hello. 

Operator 

Just pause one moment, Mr. Barry, our speakers -- we have a technical difficulty here. We are going to reestablish in 
one second. We'll take your question then, okay? 

<Q - Robert Barry>: Okay. 

Operator 


I'm actually going to clear you out of the queue, if you can do me a favor and just re-key star one once you – once I get 
you out of the queue here. Hold on one second for me. 

<Q - Robert Barry>: Okay. 

Operator 

And, folks, just hold on for me just one second, we'll get our speakers right back online, we'll continue our call. Thank 
you. Thank you again, ladies and gentlemen, very much for your patience, we do have our speakers back on the line 
and Robert Barry was next in queue. Sir, you may proceed. 

<Q - Robert Barry>: Okay, great, thanks. Let me see if I can remember my question. 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: Robert, it wasn't anything you said. 

<Q - Robert Barry>: Two questions, one is on the fuel hedge fund, could you just update us on your thinking there? It 
looks certainly versus what we've seen come through so far. There seems to be lower hedging at United for 4Q and a 
higher expected oil price? 

<A - Frederic Brace>: This is Jake, I would comment on the last part of that thing. We were obviously having a 
difficult time with the volatility of fuel, so our higher expected fourth quarter price is driven by the forward curve and I 
think other people may have driven it out at a different time. With the recent run-up in prices, our expectations for the 
fourth quarter have gone up. Having said that, we're relatively modestly hedged in the fourth quarter. Glenn talked 
earlier about the risk premium being built into the products out there and we're looking for opportunities to hedge at 
some point that we think makes sense and $88 we don't think makes sense to lock any fuel at these prices, so we don't 
think this is the long-term rate, but we are looking to be opportunistic in 2008 hedging, but we have very, very little 
low hedge positions in 2008 right now. 

<Q - Robert Barry>: Was the '08 capacity plan developed under the assumption that that 15 to $20 would come back 
out within the relatively short timeframe of the fuel price? 

<A - John Tague>: So – this is John here. Our capacity plan continues to be flexible and as we enter the year, we will 
reassess what the forward curve looks like at that point in time and whether that causes us to consider different capacity 
plans. We've obviously not done that yet. 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: Robert, as you watch the market go into backwardation, you know that the market is suggesting 
that it sees the same circumstances close in that we do relative to the risk premium, but -- and that also gives you pause 
when a market backwardates. 

<Q - Robert Barry>: Okay, then just finally could you update us on the timing for the mileage business, it sounded 
like having the P&L done by the first of the year was the next step. And then what happens beyond that? Would you 
kind of run it a little while before considering successive steps or how are you thinking about that? 

<A - Frederic Brace>: You're exactly right. We have a goal to get a P&L up by the beginning of 2008, so that we can 
begin internally looking at the performance of that business unit. Where we go from there, we haven't determined yet, 
because the first step, really want to see what that business unit looks like, what the opportunities are. But we will look 
at that and move quickly once we have visibility into the P&L and what that entity really looks like. So, we don't have a 
specific timing. We haven't decided what to do and whether to share the P&L information, obviously our bias is to both 
share the information and to do something that creates shareholder value with that entity. That's our bias and we intend 
to act pretty quickly after January 1st. 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: Okay, certainly worked to our benefit, Robert, to have the management team of the MRO in a 
position to be able to understand their internal P&L prior to talking to interested parties relative to due diligence and we 
want to be in the same position with respect to the management team at Mileage Plus. 


<Q - Robert Barry>: Right, fair enough. Okay, thank you. 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: Thanks, Robert. I appreciate it. 

Operator 

Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, your next question comes from the line of Mike Linenberg of Merrill 
Lynch. Please proceed. 

<Q - Michael Linenburg>: Yes, gentlemen, two questions, good morning. 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: Good morning, Michael. 

<Q - Michael Linenburg>: First, the -- what are the CapEx plans in '08? And the ASM forecast that you provided us, 
does that anticipate any fleet retirements in 2008? 

<A - Frederic Brace>: The answer to the second question is no. We'd assumed the same fleet going forward, 460 as I 
mentioned. We do have flexibility to -- 'cause we have unencumbered aircraft. We also have some aircraft that are 
coming off lease next year. So, we can adjust downward if we want, given this environment. It's unlikely that we want 
to adjust upward, but we also have a flexibility to adjust upward with some -- by getting some additional regional 
capacity next year, but obviously our focus is, with fuel this high, it's unlikely that we are going to want to do that. The 
capital plan for next year is for $650 million and, as I said, no aircraft swaps or no aircraft changes. I mean the fleet we 
have right now is the fleet we intend to have at the end of next year. 

<Q - Michael Linenburg>: Okay. And then just my second, and this touches on a statement made by John where he 
characterized the London Heathrow performance as quite good. I think he indicated that RASM was up in the low 
double digits. When you look at your markets and you look at your primary competitor, you both fly from Chicago and 
LA to Heathrow, you are not in the New York market. Is part of this maybe what you have in place with the Star 
Alliance carriers, is this BMI feeding you, and sort of as a corollary to the question, we've seen an announcement from 
Delta and Air France on their JV. Should we anticipate that over the next couple of months that United and maybe its 
partners over there are going to step up their agreement a notch? 

<A - John Tague>: So, I think we are clearly benefiting in Heathrow from the elimination of our New York service 
year over year. So that's a clear indicator. Relative to the Air France-Delta comment, we launched a pretty 
comprehensive joint venture relationship with Lufthansa in 2000 that creates sales with our preference on both sides, 
the Atlantic creates pricing management by the respective parties in their home markets and it's been quite effective 
and driven exceptional revenue performance for us across Europe, but obviously particularly in Germany. So we think 
that we are well down that path on a very comprehensive agreement with Lufthansa and that we also possess by far the 
broadest antitrust immunity with our partners in the Star Alliance across the transatlantic. So, clearly contributing to 
our current results, it remains to be seen as to whether this recent agreement has accomplished something we have not 
yet accomplished. If that's the case, we'll take that onboard and work with our partners to try and make sure that we 
equalize competitively. 

<Q - Michael Linenburg>: Hey, John, have you guys ever thrown a number out there about the size of your 
relationship, revenue number out there, maybe that's what I am getting at? 

<A - John Tague>: No, we have not. 

<Q - Michael Linenburg>: Okay. All right. Very good, thanks. 

<A - John Tague>: Thank you. 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: Thank you, Michael. 


Operator 

Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, your next question comes from the line of William Greene of Morgan 
Stanley. Please proceed. 

<Q - William Greene>: Yeah, hi. 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: Hi, William. 

<Q - William Greene>: Jake, I'm wondering if you can comment a little bit on CASM trends. If we look at the second 
half of '07, the CASM ex fuel is rising faster than within the first half. So, are you going to be able to offset all of the 
inflation that we'll have for 2008 or should we assume that it will actually grow that rate or even faster as you make 
these adjustments? 

<A - Frederic Brace>: We aren't giving specific CASM guidance for 2008 yet. I can tell you that the run-rate we are 
seeing in the third and fourth quarter is not going to happen in 2008, we are going to be – [inaudible] handle it. So, we 
are -- again, we knew going into the year that the back half of the year was going to be difficult on a CASM comp basis 
'cause we had some pretty low performance, this fourth quarter maintenance cost last year was unusually low. And so 
we knew going into the year that the back half was going to be challenged on a CASM basis. We think that full-year 
CASM at 2.5% is respectable, we clearly want to do better than that, but respectable in this environment especially 
when we are shrinking capacity. So, next year, we're not looking at anything like what we're looking at in the back half 
of this year. 

<Q - William Greene>: Okay. And then for either Glenn or Jake, on dividends, should we still expect that you'll sort 
of make some decision here toward year-end and give us sort of an update on what you're thinking in terms of either a 
dividend policy or what you may do? 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: Yeah, as we've said, we have spoken to our Board on subsequent occasions on this matter, we 
have a theme laid out for them, we have committed to them to go back to the Finance Committee and the Board in 
December of this year, which we will do. We have another meeting this week. We'll update them then on our thinking. 
I think we pretty well soaked them in the philosophy of the company, which we've shared with you. Then toward the 
end of the year, as Jake, I think, said on a call ago, we will present to the Board our recommendation as to how best to 
proceed. Jake, you want to add anything there? 

<A - Frederic Brace>: Yeah, I'd just mention that we have covenants in our bank deal that would currently prohibit us 
from doing a dividend or a buyback. We're talking to them right now about that, obviously don't have a resolution yet. 
So, we are -- but we're pushing the ball down the field in that regard. So, it's -- obviously with what happened to the – 
with the sub-prime meltdown it didn't help our situation in getting an amendment, but we are trying to work through 
those issues with the banks. 

<Q - William Greene>: Okay. And then one just quick one. Jake, can you share with us the profit-sharing number that 
you accrued in the third quarter? 

<A - Frederic Brace>: No, I can't, because we haven't done that and we -- because of the way we book profit-sharing 
where we make an annual forecast and then we book a percentage of it. If I'd give you that number, you know where 
our forecast was and I don't want to do that. 

<Q - William Greene>: And then – well, did I misunderstand you when you said year to date it was 100 million? 

<A - Frederic Brace>: We said that they earned $100 million year to date and that is simply taking the pre-tax income 
for the year down to 15%. 

<Q - William Greene>: Okay. Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Frederic Brace>: You bet. 


Operator 

Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, your next question comes from the line of Ray Neidl of Calyon 
Securities. Please proceed. 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: Ray, how are you? 

<Q - Raymond Neidl>: Good. How are you doing? Very good quarter, guys. 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: Thank you very much, Ray. 

<Q - Raymond Neidl>: The – demand still remains strong as you pointed out all over domestic, international, and so 
forth. Domestically, what would you say is the main imponent of increasing prices faster than they have been 
increasing? I know you've put some price increase last week and some of it's being pulled back now. Is there any 
certain airline out there or airlines that are preventing the industry from putting through the prices that the demand 
justifies? 

<A - John Tague>: Well, it wouldn't be appropriate for me to comment on that. I would say that we have mixed results 
with the price increase we put out last week, but nonetheless overall favorable. We continue to believe that a prudent 
capacity planning is critical to get a long-term revenue model here that deals with these shocks as an expected 
consequence of our business as opposed to the exception. So we are driving very, very hard to create more commercial 
discipline on all of our pricing behavior and believe if the industry accomplished commensurate returns with other 
businesses, that's going to have to be the past. 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: Ray, we also think it triangulates back to the benefit, just aggregating the businesses, so that you 
don't have the intrinsic subsidy issue in the portfolio, which could actually extend to the subsidizing effect of a fuel 
hedge. 

<Q - Raymond Neidl>: To get back to the flight restrictions that you've talked about before, if they do put flight 
restrictions at JFK, will that have any effect on your hub operation in Dulles? 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: I would think only positive in terms of the regional impact, but none from a scheduling 
perspective. 

<Q - Raymond Neidl>: Great. And Jake, tax rate going forward about 41%? 

<A - Frederic Brace>: Yeah, I could use this rate that we had this quarter. 

<Q - Raymond Neidl>: Good. Thank you. 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: Thank you, Ray. 

Operator 

Thank very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, your next question comes from the line of Kevin Crissey of UBS. Please 
proceed. 

<Q - Kevin Crissey>: Good morning, everyone. 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: Hi, Kevin. 

<A - Frederic Brace>: Good morning, Kevin. 

<Q - Kevin Crissey>: I wanted to focus on the Mileage Plus and try to hopefully get a little more color there. If we 
think about the miles that are actually purchased between the third party and the airline, is in any way you could give us 
a sense as to which is larger? And you've talked about 800 million in third party revenue a couple of years ago. How -if 
we look at it in terms of miles rather than in revenue, how would we think about the airline relative to that? 


<A - Frederic Brace>: Yeah, I don't think that we are prepared to give any information on that right now, Kevin. We 
-- because there is something that you heard us talk about when we were in Europe together, which is that the economic 
relationship between the airline and the Mileage company needs to be determined and that can be dialed up or down. 

<Q - Kevin Crissey>: Right. 

<A - Frederic Brace>: So, I don't want to by giving you the number of miles that the airline awards sort of imply 
anything on what that economic relationship is going to be. So, we are working through that very issue right now as we 
create a P&L for the Mileage business and I don't want to -- I don't want to foreshadow that result. 

<Q - Kevin Crissey>: Okay. But when we think about the -- you creating an internal P&L, it's an internal P&L for not 
just the third party, but the internal P&L for the entire business, including having some sort of transfer of payment -payment 
for the airline, is that? 

<A - Frederic Brace>: Yes, yes. And there would also be payments from the Mileage company to the airline to 
purchase seats. 

<Q - Kevin Crissey>: Right. 

<A - Frederic Brace>: So, that relationship – the amount that the airline pays for miles and the amount that the 
Mileage company pays for transportation is yet to be determined, but you are absolutely right, that's how we think 
about the business, is more than just a third party sale. 

<Q - Kevin Crissey>: Okay. And in terms of the risks of the strategy, do you believe that you -- you as a management 
team have identified what all the risks of a spin-out might be? 

<A - Frederic Brace>: I don't think we have yet. We are going through that process. We think we've identified a 
number of them, but we have not finished our work. So, I wouldn't say that we have identified all of the risks. So, 
obviously somebody has done this before and Air Canada and Aeroplan have done this. So, that's helpful in thinking 
about the risks and it's encouraging that they found a way to -- they got comfortable with all the risks, but we haven't 
completed that work yet, Kevin. 

<Q - Kevin Crissey>: Okay. And would the contract be an evergreen contract or you don't know yet? 

<A - Frederic Brace>: We don't know yet. 

<Q - Kevin Crissey>: Okay. Thank you very much. 

<A - Frederic Brace>: You bet. 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: Thank you, Kevin. 

Operator 

Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, your next question comes from line of Jamie Baker of J.P.Morgan. 
Please proceed. 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: Good morning, Jamie. 

<Q - Jamie Baker>: Good morning, gentlemen. Your earlier technical delay would have been more entertaining had 
you piped in Channel 9. Jake, following up to an earlier question, what sort of lead time do you think you require not 
only in terms of with the banks as it relates to on asset spend or a dividend payment, but also in terms of the labor 
approval as it relates to spinning off the MRO? 

<A - Frederic Brace>: So, you are focusing on the MRO process? 

<Q - Jamie Baker>: That's correct. 


<A - Frederic Brace>: Yeah, so that process -- we have a process underway right now and we are talking to both 
private equity and to various strategics and they're going through their due diligence process now. And I expect that 
before we get to a labor result, we're going to have to identify who is the winner, if you will, and what the terms of that 
are and we're going to have to go talk to labor about all of that. So, I don't think that -- that clearly it's not going to 
happen by the end of this year and it's more likely something that's in the first quarter by the time you are actually -toward 
the end of this year or early in the first quarter by the time you are actually talking to labor about a specific deal. 

<Q - Jamie Baker>: But you are suggesting that interested buyers would step up prior to knowing what an assumed 
labor buy-off would cost? 

<A - Frederic Brace>: Well, no, I think, we can -- they would obviously have their own expectations about what that 
would cost and whether -- and what they could offer and what we could offer to the union, and then we have to go see 
if we could make that happen. 

<Q - Jamie Baker>: Okay. 

<A - Frederic Brace>: Obviously, there wouldn't be any commitment until you actually had a deal with the union. 

<Q - Jamie Baker>: Okay. 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: Jamie, when you think about it, the answer to your question -- it probably is contingent upon who 
the interested party if it succeeds would be and what their perception would be about the economics of such a 
transaction, including the labor transaction. 

<Q - Jamie Baker>: Okay. Thank you very much, gentlemen. 

<A - Frederic Brace>: You bet, thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, your next question comes from the line of Daniel McKenzie of Credit 
Suisse. Please proceed. 

<Q - Daniel McKenzie>: Yeah, hi. 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: Hi, Dan. 

<Q - Daniel McKenzie>: Good morning. John, this may be a little bit early, but I'm wondering what kind of 
preliminary perspective you can provide on '08 corporate travel trends? 

<A - John Tague>: We're not seeing any statistical evidence nor are we hearing any significant anecdotal discussion 
around demand concerns from our corporate portfolio. So, we are obviously not oblivious to what you and I read in the 
paper, and I think that we are being conservative based upon the prospect of that, but we're not seeing any evidence in 
fact or in discussion to feed that. 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: In fact, Dan, we have been looking for it. Your question was posed of us by a series of other folks 
on this matter, including our directors, and we have actually been looking for signs of our significant corporates cutting 
back on their business travel. But it actually seemed that the economic concern is driving them to compete on a 
face-to-face basis looking for an edge, such that at least in the near term in this period as to – we are not yet able to call 
the next economic cycle is to when it begins and when we now experience the significant change we are actually seeing 
a sustaining experience. 

<Q - Daniel McKenzie>: Very interesting. And then I guess the next question, I guess either for you, Glenn, or Jake. 
United has clearly been a strong advocate of industry consolidation, but two counterarguments have been that the 
political window has closed, and then separately a concern is been expressed about consolidating at the peak of the 
earnings cycle. And then I'm just wondering how do you respond to these investor concerns? 


<A - Glenn Tilton>: Two points. First is, I think I said on the last call that we haven't really tested the political window 
at all other than in the context of a hostile attempt. So, any perception, it's consistent with that which you mentioned a 
moment ago is hypothetical. We haven't gone to Washington and tested the antitrust and the political window with the 
proposition of a constructive and accretive to all stakeholders transaction. Until we do, until the industry does, I don't 
think we are going to know the answer, but we are not going to know the outcome. 

I do think that at the smaller airline level there has been some activity that led to constructive consolidation that was 
resolved with the various regulatory authorities. So, I'm still of a mind that there is a tremendous amount of redundant 
overhead and redundant expenditure that amounts to waste that we independent of consolidation are all pursuing on our 
own. It would be hugely accretive to stakeholders if we pursued it in the context of a consolidated industry that wrung 
that waste out of the industry. I don't think that there is a constituency out there that it would poorly serve. 

<A - Frederic Brace>: And I'd just add that the case where the economy is slowing and fuel is high, that's all true, that 
only makes the case for consolidation even stronger. 

<Q - Daniel McKenzie>: Okay, great. Thanks a lot, you guys. 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the analyst and investor portion of our call today. Before we take 
questions from the media, I would now like to turn the call back to Mr. Tilton for closing comments. 

Glenn F. Tilton, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks very much, Bill. As I said earlier today in a message to our employees, our results at United reflect the 
continuing work and discipline across the entire company. This quarter we saw significant gains in revenue and profit 
and our performance clearly sets us apart from our domestic peers. With that having been said, and as your questions 
reflect, we know there is more to -- needs to be done to succeed in an industry that is fast becoming global and will see 
intensified international competition over the next five years in all markets, including the United States, and that's the 
work that our five-year plan sets out in detail, as we continue to improve this company for all of our stakeholders. 

And, as we've told you on many occasions and again on this call, we'll be aggressive in looking at all of our 
opportunities to generate value for our shareholders. At United, we believe that we should aspire to deliver returns 
competitive with American industry in general, be it by further strengthening United Airlines, unlocking the value of 
businesses under the UAL umbrella, using our cash for shareholder-friendly actions or by advocating, as we did a 
moment ago, for consolidation of the sector. It's clear to us at United that a different approach is needed if we are to be 
successful in breaking the historical boom and bust cycle of this industry. At our company, we resolve to talking a 
different approach, being proactive rather than reactive and creating sustainable value over the long term for 
shareholders and all of our stakeholders. 

With that operator, we are now ready to take questions from the media. 

Operator 

Thank you very much, sir. We will now take calls from the media. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes 
from the line of Susanna Ray of Bloomberg. Please proceed. 

<Q - Susanna Ray>: Hi, there. I just have a couple of questions about the maintenance unit. I'm wondering what 
exactly you mean by various strategics and I'm wondering how many interested parties you are speaking with. And 
then I'm also wondering what will be done with the proceeds, I know employees are very keen to get some of those 


proceeds. And then my last question is just whether you are considering selling perhaps your cargo operations or any of 
your United Express slots or anything else other than maintenance and the Mileage plan? Thanks. 

<A - Frederic Brace>: Okay, let me handle that in sort of reverse order. We don't own any of our United Express 
partners. So there is no potential for a transaction right there. 

<Q - Susanna Ray>: So, what about the slot? 

<A - Frederic Brace>: I am sorry. 

<Q - Susanna Ray>: What about the slots? I think you own the slots, right? 

<A - Frederic Brace>: Yeah, we are not planning on selling any slots. 

<Q - Susanna Ray>: Okay. 

<A - Frederic Brace>: As to the proceeds, I think it's way premature to talk about the proceeds, we've gotten a lot of 
interest from various parties. I'm not going to name them for you, but strategics would be people who are in the MRO 
business and obviously who private equity is. But we are not going to name anyone. We've agreed to do this 
confidentially and that's the way we are proceeding. But we got a lot of interest, a lot of people are looking at it. And 
again we don't know at this point whether we are going to be able to push the ball over the goal line or not because of, I 
am sure you've heard the conversation we had with Jamie Baker a little while ago, we had some issues to work out with 
labor and it's not clear whether we are going to be able to work those issues out. The maintenance business for us is 
something that as an airline, we don't think we can invest a lot of capital in it and make it grow. And so in order to have 
that business grow, we think it makes some sense to get a third party involved, we can't invest the capital to grow that 
business. So we think over the long term it could be quite a good business. 

<Q - Susanna Ray>: And just one last question about the timeline, you mentioned something at the end of the year or 
beginning of the next year, you'll have a specific deal to take to labor. Does that mean you would anticipate selling it in 
the first quarter of 2008? 

<A - Frederic Brace>: I think that the timing -- the timing of the process is going to be a little bit unpredictable, 
because we obviously are going to have to engage labor in a discussion if we got proposals from someone that we find 
acceptable, first of all. So we haven't got to that point yet, but we first of all have to get a proposal that we find 
acceptable, then we have to go and see if we can work things out with labor and having done all that, then we can give 
you a timeline. But right now, it'd be way premature to talk about a specific timeline. 

<Q - Susanna Ray>: Okay, thank you. 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you very much, ma'am. Ladies and gentlemen, your next question comes from the line of Barbara De Lollis of 
USA Today. Please proceed. 

<Q - Barbara De Lollis>: Thank you. I was hoping you could talk about how important the new international 
premium product will be for United. For instance, do you think it will help you regain customers you lost to foreign 
flags that had a better product? Do you think you'll sell more business class tickets to people who've been sitting in 
coach? Thank you. 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: Barbara, let me have Graham Atkinson, our Chief Customer Officer, to take the first part of your 
question. 

<Q - Barbara De Lollis>: Thanks. 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: You bet. 


<A - Graham Atkinson>: Yes, good morning, Barbara. So, the product is coming to market shortly and we spent a 
couple of years designing and developing this product with an eye very much focused on our international best-in-class 
competition, that's why we developed the fully lie-flat – 180 degree angled lie-flat seats in business class, as well as a 
completely new product in first class. And we believe it's going to drive significant yield improvement and a significant 
share shift. And that's been the whole rationale for the development of this project. We fully acknowledge we are 
middle of the pack right now and we intend to change that. 

<Q - Barbara De Lollis>: Are there some routes that are going to really -- that you think will really perform better 
once this is in place? 

<A - Graham Atkinson>: I'm sorry, I couldn't catch that. 

<Q - Barbara De Lollis>: Are there some routes that really scream out for this improved product? Do you think you'll 
-- I know it's starting at Dulles-Frankfurt, but what other routes do you think...? 

<A - Graham Atkinson>: Well, we have a very diverse -- uniquely diverse network I'd say right across the world and 
we have world-class competitors in all regions. So, obviously some of the routes that are the most attractive are those 
that are the longest and those fly across the Pacific against some of the world-class competition that resides on the other 
side of the Pacific. But, I would say right across the gambit, we feel ready to compete with anyone with this new 
product. 

<Q - Barbara De Lollis>: Okay. Thank you very much. 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you very much, ma'am. Ladies and gentlemen, your next question comes from the line of Ted Reed of the 
TheStreet.com. Please proceed. 

<Q - Ted Reed>: Hi. 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: Ted, How are you? 

<Q - Ted Reed>: Good. How are you? 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: Good. 

<Q - Ted Reed>: John, I'd would like to ask you, why is this that your RASM increase is so much higher than your 
closest competitors and 9% versus the 5 or 6%? I know you are taking out capacity, I assume you have great yield 
management, but those things aren't different. So, why is yours so much higher? 

<A - John Tague>: Well, in fact, our capacity reduction was less than some of our principal competitors. So, I don't 
think that's quite the catalyst for competitive performance in all cases. I would probably debate the notion that 
everybody has revenue management, therefore everyone executes equally. Our whole principle over the last 3 or 4 
years is that we can drive best-in-class execution, be it in our B2B selling effort or the way we manage capacity or the 
way we price and manage our inventories and we are not done yet. We have a very significant suite of initiatives that 
Glenn alluded to to improve that performance further and we reject the idea, some would say, that revenues happen to 
us as opposed to our accountability to deliver a best-in-class performance. 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: Hi, Ted, in the question about the 250 initiatives, there was some apparent confusion that we had 
250 strategic initiatives that were akin to Mileage Plus or to the MRO. When in fact, in the 250, whether they be 
capital-intensive in the 4 billion or not, a good many of them belong to John and his revenue team and they are all 
intended to drive improved performance against the current performance, which you rightly say is better than peers. 


<Q - Ted Reed>: I just, I'm at a loss to know why it's so much – why it's so much better though, there aren't any real 
secrets, are you like holding out tickets longer and yield management, or something like that? 

<A - John Tague>: Well, I might dispute the fact that there aren't any secrets, but if there were I certainly wouldn't 
share them with you, Ted. 

<Q - Ted Reed>: All right. Well, I'll keep trying to guess at it, then. 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: Yes, nice try, Ted. 

<Q - Ted Reed>: All right. Thank you. 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: You bet. Bye-bye. 

Operator 

Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, your next question comes from the line of Kelly Yamanouchi of 
Denver Post. Please proceed. 

<Q - Kelly Yamanouchi>: Hi. I wanted to ask a couple of questions about your planned domestic capacity reduction. 
I'm wondering, in terms of maintaining the quality of your schedule, are you going to be able to prevent pulling out of 
any routes and how does -- how do your domestic capacity reductions affect your international feed as you are 
increasing your international capacity? 

<A - John Tague>: Yeah, thanks, Kelly. We don't expect anything noticeable from a customer perspective relative to 
the current exceptional quality of our schedule domestically. So, I would say it will be invisible from that perspective 
and in fact, as we've reduced ASM spend in the US over the last several years, we've actually added new destinations 
and new routes quite consistently. We're very happy with the relationship between our domestic feed and the 
international system. We think sometimes that – it's an issue, but it's a bit of a red herring to support an unprofitable 
level of service domestically under a belief that it's essential to your international profitability. While true generally on 
the margins, we do not believe it is true. 

<Q - Kelly Yamanouchi>: I see. Okay. And I'm also wondering if you plan to announce any more major international 
markets for 2008, if you haven't already? 

<A - John Tague>: Well, we've announced a number of markets, the daily to Kuwait between now and the end of the 
year, Los Angeles to Frankfort as Glenn mentioned, the new China service. And then I would expect that we will have 
additional announcements forthcoming, some of which may impact Denver. 

<Q - Kelly Yamanouchi>: Okay. When would that be? 

<A - John Tague>: Shortly. 

<Q - Kelly Yamanouchi>: Okay. Will it be London? 

<A - John Tague>: Thank you, Kelly. 

<Q - Kelly Yamanouchi>: All right. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you very much, ma'am. Ladies and gentlemen, your next question comes from the line of John Pletz of Crain's 
Chicago Business. Please proceed. 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: Hi, John. 


<Q - John Pletz>: Hi, there. Just another question on international capacity growth, short of mentioning, I guess, 
specific routes, is it likely to be split between various hubs or is it going to be focused on one side of the country or the 
other? 

<A - John Tague>: No, we've continued to grow our international presence in San Francisco, Chicago, and Dulles and 
we evaluate opportunities as they come about in each of those regions. I don't think that we have any sort of a 
directional bias other than the economics, they all present good opportunities for us going forward. 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: I think an example there, John, would be the fact that we were delighted to get San 
Francisco-Guangzhou, we were disappointed not to get LA-Shanghai. We are pleased to have LA-Frankfurt. 

<Q - John Pletz>: Okay. Anything regarding Dulles in terms of running out things there? 

<A - John Tague>: I'm sorry. Could you...? 

<Q - John Pletz>: In terms of what's happening on the East Coast, trying to just figure out what basis where think you 
might be underserved or you see opportunity in terms of departure points for international? 

<A - Frederic Brace>: I think the thing to understand about Dulles that John can elaborate on is Dulles has been a very 
rewarding international hub for us to develop, contrary to some of the expectations during the restructuring. 

<A - John Tague>: So, I think as we alluded to on the last call, Dulles is really performing extremely well for us. And 
I would say that is a uniform comment across virtually every route internationally in Dulles. So, we're very encouraged 
about that region being the real deal in terms of a genuine large-scale international hub on the East Coast over time. 
We'll obviously have to tackle some facilities issues as we move through this. But we're very encouraged by the 
potential there. 

<Q - John Pletz>: Thanks. 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, your next question comes from the line of Laura Mandaro of 
MarketWatch. Please proceed. 

<Q - Laura Mandaro>: Hi there. 

<A - Glenn Tilton>: Hi, Laura. 

<Q - Laura Mandaro>: Hi. From the conference call, it sounded like you are further along talking to possible buyers 
for the maintenance business than you would be for the Mileage Plus. Do you have that right and are you talking to 
interested buyers of the Mileage Plus or you are not there yet? 

<A - Frederic Brace>: Hi, this is Jake. 

<Q - Laura Mandaro>: Yeah. 

<A - Frederic Brace>: We're talking, as I said, to people on the MRO business. We have not developed a P&L for the 
Mileage business yet, so we don't really have anything to talk to people about. Having said that, there are people that 
are ringing my phone wanting to talk about it, but we have not engaged in any discussions, because we think it 
obviously makes sense to develop a P&L and define what the business is before beginning to talk to anyone about it 
seriously. But, we've had some inbound interest. 

<Q - Laura Mandaro>: Right. If I could just follow up a little detail there, so is there a P&L for the MRO business 
already or -- and can you just --? 


<A - Frederic Brace>: Yes, the MRO business has a P&L and it has -- we've identified all the assets that go with the 
business and definition of the business and the contract, if you will, between the airline and the maintenance business 
and that's is what we are talking to the strategics and the private equity firms about. 

<Q - Laura Mandaro>: Right. Is that publicly -- you make that available on? 

<A - Frederic Brace>: No, we didn't. 

<Q - Laura Mandaro>: You don't at all. Can you give us some --? 

<A - Frederic Brace>: No, it's not. So, we produced that information and it's not broken out of our financial statements 
and we have not made it public. 

<Q - Laura Mandaro>: Okay. And then so on the -- you are saying you are working and getting a P&L for the 
maintenance – the Mileage business. Would that -- and you are leaning towards disclosing now, would that just be sort 
of a footnote if it were to be disclosed in the financial statements or can you give us --? 

<A - Frederic Brace>: I think there are a lot of ways you could disclose it in the financial statements. 

<Q - Laura Mandaro>: Okay. 

<A - Frederic Brace>: We haven't gotten that far to determine whether we are going to do that or not, and as I said, we 
are biased in favor of it. 

<Q - Laura Mandaro>: Okay. Okay, good. Were you the one who answered the first question from Bloomberg or was 
that Glenn? I'm sorry, I can't identify -- about United Express and the --? 

<A - Frederic Brace>: That was me. 

<Q - Laura Mandaro>: Okay. Okay, thanks very much. 

<A - Frederic Brace>: Okay. 

Operator 

Thank you very much, ma'am. And that concludes our Q&A session for today and also concludes our presentation. I 
want to thank you gain for your patience during our little technical issue there in the middle. You may now disconnect 
your lines. Have a good day. 

Glenn F. Tilton, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Bill. 

Operator 

Thank you. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 


© COPYRIGHT 2010, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


