Q1 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 


• Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer 
Other Participants 

• Sharon Zackfia 
• Eric Beder 
• Holly Guthrie 
• Edward Yruma 
• John Kyees 
• Roxanne Meyer 
• Marni Shapiro 
• Tedford Marlow 
• Neely Tamminga 
• Elizabeth Pierce 
• Brian Sozzi 
• Adrienne Tennant 
• Margaret Whitfield 
• Betty Chen 
• Kimberly Greenberger 
• Christine Chen 
• John Kiernan 
• Janet Kloppenburg 
• Michelle Tan 
• Jennifer Black 
• Jeff Black 
• Dana Telsey 
• Howard Tubin 
• Randal Konik 
• Liz Dunn 
• Robin Murchison 
• Richard Jaffe 
• Brian Tunick 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Urban Outfitters Incorporated First Quarter Fiscal 2010 Earnings 
Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and 
instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. 

The following discussions may include forward-looking statements. Please note that actual results may differ materially 
from those statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially 
from projected results contained in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 


I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Glen Senk, CEO. Sir, you may begin. 

Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer 

Good morning, and welcome to the URBN quarterly conference call. Joining me in Philadelphia today are John Kyees, 
our Chief Financial Officer, and our senior team, including the majority of our brand and shared service leads. 

Earlier this morning, the Company issued a press release outlining the financial and operating results for the 
three-month period ending April 30, 2009. I will begin today's call by reading prepared commentary regarding our 
performance. Then the group and I will be pleased to answer any questions you may have. As usual, the text of today's 
conference call can be found on our corporate website at www.urbanoutfittersinc.com. 

While we are never content with negative sales or earnings growth, we believe the Company performed admirably in 
the quarter, given the challenging marketplace conditions. To summarize our results for the first quarter of fiscal 2010 
compared to the same period last year, total Company sales decreased by 2% to $385 million. 

Comparable retail segment sales, which includes our direct to consumer channel, decreased by 7%. Company 
comparable store sales decreased by 9.6% with reductions of 13%, 23% and 6%, respectively, at Anthropologie, Free 
People and Urban Outfitters. Direct-to-consumer sales increased 4% and were positive across all brands. 

Wholesale revenues were flat at $24 million. Gross margins declined by 300 basis points, principally due to a higher 
rate of store occupancy expense, driven by the decrease in comparable store sales and by merchandise markdowns to 
clear seasonal merchandise. Comp store inventories decreased by 7% at quarter's end. 

Selling, general and administrative expenses, expressed as a percentage of sales, increased by 98 basis points, primarily 
due to deleveraging of fixed store-related costs. The Company reported $46 million of income from operations, 
resulting in an operating margin of 12%. Earnings were $31 million or $0.18 per diluted share. Finally, cash, cash 
equivalents and marketable securities grew $43 million to $564 million. 

I'll now go into more detail on each of our key business metrics for the quarter, starting with sales. New and 
non-comparable store sales contributed $17 million for the quarter, including an offset of $10 million in foreign 
exchange adjustments for the Company's foreign-based sales. The Company opened five new stores, two 
Anthropologie stores, two Free People stores and one Urban Outfitters store. 

The Company's comp sales performance was weakest in March and strongest in April, even including consideration of 
the impact of the Easter holiday shift. By region, sales at Anthropologie were strongest in the northeast, sales at Urban 
Outfitters were strongest in the Midwest, and sales at both brands were weakest on the west coast. By location type, 
sales were similar across all formats. 

The Company's comp sales performance was impacted largely by a 6% reduction in the number of transactions, with 
decreases of 5%, 17% and 6% at Anthropologie, Free People and Urban Outfitters, respectively. Our average unit 
selling price increased 2%, down 2% and 3% at Anthropologie and Free People, respectively, and up 7% at Urban 
Outfitters. Units per transaction decreased 6% on average, down 6%, 4% and 7% at Anthropologie, Free People and 
Urban Outfitters, respectively. 

At Anthropologie, the women's accessory business set the pace for the brand and women's apparel was most 
challenging. At Urban Outfitters, the women's apparel business was strongest and the housewares category was most 
challenging. 

Our data tells us the customer is buying less and that she's more discriminating. She's seeking fashion, and there's no 
evidence of price elasticity on desirable product. If it's a love, she's buying it, plain and simple. If it's a like, perceived 
as too basic or a recycle of older fashion, she may wait for the first markdown. And if she doesn't like the product, it's 
not going to sell until it's on clearance. The implication, the merchants and designers have to work harder and smarter 
to create and identify the loves. Just like our customer, they've got to be more discriminating. 


Luckily for us, we have powerful systems that enable the teams to identify patterns in their businesses, and we have a 
nimble supply chain, so that we can respond quickly. We've made the most progress in repositioning the inventory at 
Anthropologie, and we have a high level of clarity as to what we need to accomplish at Free People and Urban 
Outfitters as well. 

Now let me turn your attention to our direct-to-consumer business. Direct sales for the quarter increased 4% to $61 
million, despite a circulation increase of just 1%. The penetration of direct-to-consumer sales to total Company sales 
increased by 103 basis points to 15.8%, underscoring what we have been referring to as the paradigm shift in the way 
our consumer is shopping. These results were driven by website visits, which were up 19% to 18 million visits, a gain 
of nearly 3 million visits from the prior year's quarter. Our direct-to-consumer business was positive across all brands. 
And at Free People, with just 15 out of the 31 Free People stores falling into the comp group, direct-to-consumer 
revenue exceeded comp store revenue by more than 40%. 

With the addition of Leifsdottir, the Company's total quarterly wholesale revenue was flat versus the same period last 
year. Free People's wholesale sales decreased by 8% for the quarter, with sales to department stores decreasing by 2%; 
and sales to specialty stores decreasing by 27%, in large part due to credit rating events. The brand's regular price 
average unit selling price increased by 8%, but regular priced unit sales declined by 18%. 

I believe Free People outperformed most brands on the contemporary floor. Equally important, we ended the quarter 
achieving our desired inventory plan with all of our major partners. It is likely the current trend will continue over the 
short term, since initial bookings for our summer deliveries are modestly below last year. Leifsdottir, the company's 
new wholesale line, generated impressive revenue of just under $2 million in the quarter. The selling at our retail 
partners has far exceeded expectation, so we are encouraged by the brand's potential. 

I'd like to now turn your attention to gross margin, operating expense and income. Total Company gross margin 
decreased by 300 basis points for the quarter to 37.2%. The largest component of the gross margin decline came from a 
higher rate of store occupancy expense, driven by the decrease in comparable store sales, followed by an increase in 
markdowns to clear seasonal product. 

The organization continued to react aggressively to reduce and control expenses. Total selling, general and 
administrative costs for the quarter rose by just 1.5%, reflecting an increase in fixed store related expenses. The 
Company's operating expense rate rose just 98 basis points to 25.3% for the quarter, despite the 9.6% decline in comp 
store sales. The Company generated a 12% operating margin, earning $46 million of income from operations, a 
decrease of 27% versus the same quarter last year. The Company earned $31 million in net income for the quarter, with 
earnings per diluted share of $0.18, a decrease of 28% from the prior year. The Company's quarterly tax rate closed at 
36.1% versus 35.7% during the prior year. 

For a company that's achieved an average of 26% annual revenue growth, and 8% annual comp growth since 2001, 
negative sales and earnings results are not in our Corporate DNA. I'm feeling more optimistic about our business than I 
have since October 2008, though, and in many ways, I'm feeling more optimistic than ever. I don't believe we'll be 
returning to 2007 spending levels for several years, but I believe the environment is considerably more stable than it 
was in the fourth quarter. 

As a CEO and as a merchant, I can tell you that it's extremely difficult to navigate through the uncertainty and abrupt 
change. Once there's stability, however, once we can read the patterns in the business, our team has proven adept at 
driving growth and achieving the Company's near-term sales and profit objectives even in the face of challenging 
fundamentals. I won't predict the timing or magnitude of a turnaround in performance, but I believe it will happen, and 
I believe we have the visibility and the tools to ensure us success. 

More importantly, however, I believe the environment has prompted profound changes in the consumer psyche, and I 
believe these changes will play to our Company's strengths for years to come. As we move into the "new normal", I 
believe the customer will be more discriminating. I believe she'll be looking for true authenticity. I believe she'll 
modulate the way she shops for commodity product versus special product, and I believe she'll shop brands whose 
value she shares. 


The URBN portfolio of brands have always appealed to a discriminating customer. We've always been personal and 
authentic. We've always been about selling what's unique. And the Company has always been defined by a powerful set 
of values that resonate with customers and employees alike. As well, so many of the Company's initiatives from the last 
several years will become increasingly important as we navigate through 2009 and the future. 

Our concept to market strategy has given the planning, merchant and design teams an unprecedented level of flexibility 
to get the right product, at the right price, in the right place, at the right time. Our emphasis on driving four-wall 
productivity through a refined site selection, store design, construction and store operations has resulted in a highly 
productive and diversified portfolio of stores that have significant continued upside potential. 

Our investment in the web has enabled us to have the highest penetration of direct-to-consumer to total company sales 
of any legacy brick and motor retailer in the industry. Even more importantly, it has positioned us to disaggregate 
e-commerce from the web so that we can begin to use the web to drive total company sales by mining our database 
across all channels and by monetizing the exponential growth in the web social community. 

Our increased investment in international distribution and our strategy of thinking globally, but acting locally, will 
allow us to mine the very sizeable business opportunities in Europe and the Far East, and will provide an appropriate 
level of diversification into non-U.S. markets. Our early stage proof of concept test on Terrain and Leifsdottir are 
encouraging. Acting on the belief that scarcity creates value, the Company will continue to explore brand extensions 
and new brands so that we grow the URBN top and bottom line, while protecting our brand's goodwill. 

I couldn't be more proud of how our team has reacted over the last several months. They've responded to the changes in 
the environment at breakneck speed. And they've proven that they're as good at inventory and expense discipline as 
they are at creating compelling brands. URBN's culture has always emphasized the balance of creativity and control. 
And at no time in our Company's history has the need for creativity and control been greater. In fact, there's probably 
not a part of our business, margin or expense, that hasn't been thoroughly reviewed in the last six months. And I expect 
this heightened level of discipline will reap benefits for years to come. 

The changes facing our industry are profound and rapid. The future belongs to those of us who are disciplined, nimble, 
and unafraid to challenge the prevailing dogma. The URBN family is committed to doing all of that and more. We will 
compete the way we always do, by remaining wholly customer focused and working hard to wow the customer on a 
daily basis. By taking managed risks so that we excite the customer with newness and innovation. And by making our 
stores, catalogs and websites unexpected, fun, and wholly compelling, all while mining the opportunity to transform 
our business for the next generation of consumers. 

The Company's overarching goal has been constant and simple: to grow revenue by at least 20%, to grow profit at a 
faster rate than sales, and to reach a minimum of 20% operating margin. We have achieved our growth goals 
consistently over time, and we remain confident in our prospects going forward. As always, the leadership team and I 
look forward to continuing to inspire our customers, and reward our shareholders and employees alike. 

I will now open the call to questions. As is our custom, I ask each of you to limit yourselves to one question. I 
apologize in advance, if you ask more than one question, we will respectfully respond only to your first query. Thank 
you. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Sharon Zackfia of William Blair. 

<Q - Sharon Zackfia>: Hi, good morning. I think at both Urban and Anthro, you changed the markdown policy a little 
bit in the quarter. I think you were going a little bit earlier and a little bit shallower. Can you talk about whether that 
helps trends in April? And how you think about that in terms of a full price selling strategy? And then maybe, Glen, if 


you can give any more color around what particularly you were seeing in April that gives you more optimism going 
forward? 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. Sharon, what we did was in relation to what I talked about in 
terms of the loves versus the likes. And I spoke a little bit about this on our last earnings call, and I think we've been 
able to quantify and understand this pattern a little bit better in the last few months. As I said, if the customer loves 
something, if it's fashion right, if it's new, it's selling as well if not better than it did a year ago. It's the middle of the 
assortment. It's the things that, as a merchant, you use to build a business. It's those things that often aren't selling as 
well as a year ago. 

So what we've done is, if we bought those things and didn't achieve the level of velocity that we hoped to achieve, we 
lowered the price on those things. So those are the items where we saw price elasticity. Now, normally, when we make 
a mistake on something, we will mark it down very, very quickly. Often, we'll mark something down a week or two 
after it comes into the store if we realize we make a mistake. And often, we go straight to 50 off, sometimes even 
deeper if the mistake is a bad one. 

On these products that were essentially good products, but not selling at the velocity that we expected them to sell, we 
might have gone to 30 off. Now, I think you'll see less of that going forward because I think we understand how to buy 
the middle of the assortment relative to the top part, the most productive of the assortment. I think we understand how 
to do this better. So I would say that it was more a temporary reaction to the way we bought spring than some kind of 
permanent change in strategy. 

With regard to April, as I said in my prepared comments, April was better, even better than -- certainly better than 
March, which was the worst month of the three, and better than February, even accounting for the shift in Easter. So 
I'm not really prepared to talk about May, but if I just look at the first quarter, and I assume that April is a proxy for the 
second quarter, I feel better about the second quarter than I did about the first quarter. 

<Q - Sharon Zackfia>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Eric Beder of Brean Murray. 

<Q - Eric Beder>: Good morning. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Good morning, Eric. 

<Q - Eric Beder>: I'd like to talk a little bit about the Internet and the direct-to-consumer. Glen, how are you taking 
that and I think using it as a more competitive advantage in terms of using it as a testing zone, using it as really kind of 
the – as a separate store to really drive new project introductions and see what works a little bit ahead of time? Can you 
talk a little about that? 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, Eric, I think the interesting thing, we've been talking about this 
paradigm shift with our direct-to-consumer business for several years now. And it's really gratifying to see the 
penetration go up literally every quarter about a point. And we've said publicly that we have no -- no doubt that the 
penetration of direct-to-consumer to total business will [audio gap] and it – perhaps, it will go up much higher. 

I think, as a company, we like to benchmark ourselves against the pure play e-tailers as opposed to the brick and motor 
e-tailers or retailers. So we're looking at Amazon, Zappos, Net-a-Porter, et cetera. I think the other kind of paradigm 
shift is that when we look at the web, we don't only look at it as e-commerce. When you look at e-commerce sales to 
total sales in America right now, the penetration is about 10%. I think we're just beginning to understand how the web 
can impact our brick-and-mortar sales. 

So this Company has always been about being customer centric, and our move into the web is really just an extension 
of that customer centricity. Our view is to let the customer buy what she wants to buy, how she wants to buy it. Our 


goal is to have a multi-channel singular point of view on the customer. 

With regard to testing, it's funny you asked that question because the brands have been playing around with this, as we 
see the most important part of the assortment work harder. So in other words, if I take the best -- there were some 
questions around this concept on the last call. If I take the top three out of the top 10 items in assortment, and this is all 
a theory because I'm -- I haven't prepared to answer this question. But historically, if they generated maybe 25% of the 
business, maybe now they're generating 30 or 35% of the business. It's a riskier proposition, and in order to manage that 
risk, we want to test and respond more than we have in the past, so funny that you ask that question, because we've 
started to test on the Internet. And we're in the process of measuring the efficacy of the tests. So far the early 
indications are that the -- we can use the Internet to help us predict what's going to sell both online and in brick and 
mortar, but we probably can update you more on the next earnings call. 

<Q - Eric Beder>: Great, congratulations. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Holly Guthrie of Boenning & Scattergood, Incorporated. 

<Q - Holly Guthrie>: Thank you, and good morning, everybody. A question on the international business, could you 
just describe a little bit about the infrastructure, the distribution and support of the international business, and also what 
you think the focus will be – more Internet versus brick and mortar? 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Holly, I'm not sure I understand the question fully, so I'll try to take a 
stab at it, and then I'll let you do a follow-up. In terms of the infrastructure, we have brand heads for each of the brands, 
each of the two brands. Urban, as you know, has been in business in Europe for 11 years. The brand head is Hugh 
Wahla. He reports into Ted. We hired James Bidwell to head up the Anthropologie brand in January. At the current 
time, he reports into me. And then we hired Andrew McLean as our Chief Operating Officer. He also started in 
January. And when we have a Chief Operating Officer in America, he will report into that individual. For the time 
being, he's working closely with the shared service leads and reports into me. 

So our -- from a structural point of view, our plan is to have a structure in Europe that mirrors the structure in America. 
Long-term, I think it's likely that we would have global CEOs for each brand supervising Regional Presidents, so a 
North American President, a European President, eventually a Far Eastern President. 

With respect to distribution, if you meant that in the literal sense of the word, right now, our distribution is done 
through a third party in -- out of the U.K. We do have plans, we're underway evaluating bringing that in-house. I think 
it's probable that that would be in-house, possibly in the U.K., possibly in Europe within the next three years. That's one 
of the very first things Andrew will be working on when he moves from America to Europe in a couple of months time. 

<Q - Holly Guthrie>: Okay, thank you. Yeah, that was it. I was talking about the latter, just the distribution and the 
plans to bring it more in-house. And would that be off of the U.K. and on the continent more since you have some 
stores in -- I guess it's Germany now, and -


<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Andrew is looking at that. There are pluses and minuses to fulfilling 
out of the U.K. or the continent. Andrew has a lot of experience in this. He's doing a lot of work on that and he'll, I'm 
sure, have an informed point of view that we'll act on shortly. 

<Q - Holly Guthrie>: Thank you. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Sure. 

Operator 


Our next question comes from Edward Yruma of KeyBanc Capital. 

<Q - Edward Yruma>: Hi, thanks very much for taking my question. Can you talk a little about your SG&A leverage 
point? I know that you only had a little bit less than 100 basis points of deleverage given your comp. Have you been 
able to lower your breakeven point? 

<A - John Kyees>: Yeah, Edward, we have said that we felt SG&A this year, unlike past years, where we have always 
said we levered it like 3 to 4% comp, that this year that lever point would probably be closer to flat. In the first quarter, 
it appears to be lower than that based on the results. Some of that is predicated on some one-time startup expenses from 
a year ago that made it look a little better, but still I think that that 5 to 10% absolute growth is very achievable. 

<Q - Edward Yruma>: Great. And did you have any reversal of the gross margin from last quarter, of the reserve that 
you accrued? 

<A - John Kyees>: Yes, we did. 

<Q - Edward Yruma>: And how much was that? 

<A - John Kyees>: It was about 80 basis points impact on margin. 

<Q - Edward Yruma>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Roxanne Meyer of UBS. 

<Q - Roxanne Meyer>: Great. Thank you. I'm wondering if you are thinking about altering your strategy as it relates 
to third party brands? I mean, obviously, it's a component of your strategy to really mix that into the stores, but 
knowing that department stores are still pretty heavily promoting those, wondering how that's impacted your business 
and if there's anything you're doing to react? 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: That's a great question, Roxanne. I think, I'm not sure if it's luck or 
strategy or a little bit of both, but I think for the most part the brands that we have at Urban Outfitters and 
Anthropologie tend to be under penetrated in the department store world so that just for the most part it hasn't been an 
issue. Now, as I've said in prior calls, when some really tasty lines that we don't carry go on sale at 40 to 70 off, I think 
that creates a level of competition that we haven't faced before. But in terms of specific labels, it really hasn't been a 
problem. 

<Q - Roxanne Meyer>: Great to hear. Continue to have best of luck. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Marni Shapiro of Retail Chapter (sic) [Retail Tracker]. 

<Q - Marni Shapiro>: Hey, guys. How are you? 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Hey, Marni, 

<Q - Marni Shapiro>: I was curious, are you shipping all three brands internationally through your direct business 
yet? And if you are, what percentage of direct for each -- is each brand -- does it represent in each brand at this point? 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: We have a full-fledged direct business with the Urban brand. And 
we've been in business now, Ted, about two years? 


<A - Tedford Marlow>: Fall of '06 we launched. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: So fall of '06 launch. And then Anthropologie 


<A - Tedford Marlow>: I'm sorry, fall of '07. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, fall of '07. So this fall, it'll be two years. Anthropologie began 
shipping through America about a little bit over a year ago, and Free People just began shipping recently. So at 
Anthropologie, it – and I'm doing this off the top of my head. It's less than a couple of percentage points, it's -- at Free 
People, it's even less than that. At Urban now, it's probably 4%, something. 

<A - Tedford Marlow>: I don't know. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. We can answer that question off-line, Marni, but it's -- the direct 
business overseas is something that we see a lot of opportunity in. So it's something we're focusing on. 

<Q - Marni Shapiro>: Excellent. Great. And good luck, guys. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Neely Tamminga of Piper Jaffray. 

<Q - Neely Tamminga>: Great, good morning, just a question on clarity here. Glen, in terms of the comments you 
were making -- business positioned to show some improvement over the next several quarters. Assuming that it's comp 
related, and taking that in tandem with the April comment you were making about the improvement in May, are you 
seeing this from both Urban and Anthro? Has it been primarily Anthro making a turn point? Is it Anthro adopting some 
of what Urban's practices have been in terms of flowing more product at shorter lead times? Can you just -- unless I've 
missed this, I'm just wondering kind of what's the turning point here? 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Yep. I'm glad you asked for clarity. I think, first of all, if we just look 
at the market in general, and you all are much more expert at this than I am. There's more stability in the market. I 
mean, the Dow, the S&P came up, I think, between 25 and 30% from their low point in the first quarter to their – to the 
end of the first quarter. I think that – I think most signs are that the housing market is beginning to stabilize, particularly 
in California and Florida. I think whether you like what the current administration is doing or not, at least we know 
what they're doing. 

So as I said in my prepared comments, to face the kind of rapid change and level of uncertainty that we faced six 
months ago, I mean let's – from the end of September to the middle of November, consumer confidence had the most 
precipitous decline in the history of our nation. To have that kind of a shock to the system was very, very hard as a 
merchant. I mean, remember, we had a $58 million shift in business trend within a couple of weeks. 

So part of the reason why I'm feeling optimistic is because I'm seeing more certainty. I – the signs in the business are 
telling me what to do now when – which is we're kind of a back to normal in terms of how to read the business, and 
that was not the case four or five months ago. So that's one thing. 

Secondly, quite frankly, when we have the kind of cash that we have in the bank, and this was not a great quarter for us, 
I think it was a great quarter relative to other retailers. But relative to what we know we can do, it was not a great 
quarter. But we still made a lot of money. I don't have to worry about how I'm going to meet payroll next week or how 
I'm going to pay for inventory. I can – I and the Company can focus largely on transforming the business and get it 
humming again. I don't think that a lot of my fellow CEOs have that same level of luxury. So I'm optimistic about that. 

I'm also, as I said, I feel that there's a sea change in the customer's psyche. And I think that sea change plays into 
Urban's strengths. I think people are going to be more discriminating, and I think by and large, we're a company who 
discriminates. We've never been a company that's for everybody. We've always been a company that's for a specific 


customer. We're a company – and most of you know -- have known Dick for decades. We're a company that really has 
never been about the money for us. It's always been about executing a very personal vision. And I think in this day and 
age, that's more important to customers than ever. 

And I meant that the customer is changing the way she buys commodities versus special merchandise, what I'm talking 
about is I wouldn't want to be in the commodity market now because Wal-Mart or Amazon is going to win. I mean, we 
are in the business of providing our customers a connection to the product through a connection to the designers, the 
artisans who make it, and that's our sweet spot. I think that plays well with the psychographic changes that are going on 
right now. So there's all of that. 

And then there's the reality of what I see in our business. Now, within brand, I think Anthropologie probably gets the 
most improved over the last three months. So I think if I rank the assortment ending the fourth quarter at a C plus or a B 
minus, I'd probably give them a B plus right now. I think Urban's probably slipped a little bit. I mean, I think they still 
look good, but if I gave them an A minus in the fall, I might give them a B to a B plus right now. But I think I'm feeling 
optimistic because when I look at our reports, I see clarity as to what we need to do. And it's not just me. I shouldn't use 
the word I. I should use the word we, because we're all aligned on this. 

Hopefully, that answers the question. 

<Q - Neely Tamminga>: Yes. Thank you. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Liz Pierce of Roth Capital Partners. 

<Q - Elizabeth Pierce>: Thanks, good morning. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Hi, Liz. 

<Q - Elizabeth Pierce>: Glen, to kind of follow-up on your comment, pretty much touching what you're talking about. 
What then repositioning are you planning at the Urban division based on your comments, you felt like Anthro had 
repositioned the most. And that, I guess on -- you didn't say anything about the men's business at Urban, but if Ted's 
there, maybe he can offer up what you need to do there. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Well, I'll start the answer, and then I'll ask Ted to take over. 
Repositioning is a word that frightens me because I think that -- I think Urban -- I didn't give Urban a D. I gave them a 
B to B plus. I think Urban has done a great job at identifying the right fashion. I think probably the opportunity is to 
have bought the right fashion a little bit smarter. So it's more a question of how we managed the buys as opposed to the 
specific product that we bought. And I didn't mean to imply that there are any kind of fundamental issues at Urban. I 
just think that Anthro is starting at a lower base, and Anthro -- I think the store right now looks quite good. But I'll pass 
it over to Ted for further color. 

<A - Tedford Marlow>: Yeah, Liz. Just in regard to the mix right now at Urban, since you touched on the men's side, 
actually through the quarter, women's was our strong -- women's apparel was our strongest business. And when I put 
women's apparel and men's apparel together, unfortunately, that only gets me to 70% to total. 30% of our mix, which 
included in that would be women's accessories, men's accessories, and the home business were our most challenging 
businesses in the quarter. Our men's apparel and women's apparel businesses were our strongest businesses in the 
quarter. 

To the point that Glen has mentioned, in the merchant's chair, you always probe your assortment with what you could 
do better. We feel that we had opportunities in both the men's apparel and women's apparel assortments during the 
quarter. We learned some things about what the customer is looking for right now. And there's some fine-tuning that 
took place in the quarter, both for -- that we could effect for second quarter, but more importantly for our peak volume 


and our critical time of the year for back to school. So we made some adjustments based on first quarter learnings, but 
our biggest challenge in the quarter really came from our non-apparel businesses. 

<Q - Elizabeth Pierce>: And I guess as a follow-up, are you making adjustments in those businesses? 

<A - Tedford Marlow>: Yes, we are. I mean, home to -- home was mentioned in Glen's notes at the beginning of the 
call. We've been embarked upon a complete revamp of the home assortment that began about six months ago in 
alignment with design talent in the home business tied to our Design Director, Liz Richardson -- Liz Richardson 
oversees, the placement of all of our design. But alignment with the design within the home division with our Design 
Director and we'll be delivering that product into the mix in the month of July for August, September business. 

<Q - Elizabeth Pierce>: Great. Thanks. Good luck. 

<A - Tedford Marlow>: Yep. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Brian Sozzi of Wall Street Strategies. 

<Q - Brian Sozzi>: Good morning, everyone. Maybe you can provide some of your learning thus far on Terrain, and 
how you're thinking about expansion plans for that over the next couple years. Thank you. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: As you know, we've just lapped Terrain's opening a couple of weeks 
ago, and so we're not reporting comps yet on it, but very pleased with the business over the last several weeks. I think 
that, if you come and look at Terrain today, it looks very different than it did when it opened. I liken Terrain to 
Anthropologie. Most of you know that I joined Anthropologie about a year and a half after the first store opened. And I 
think it took us about three years to get Anthropologie productive and profitable. And I think that that's a reasonable 
timeframe for Terrain. 

It – they're looking at every part of the assortment and figuring out what the customer's responding to and what she's 
not responding to, and adjusting it. But I think it also feels like Anthropologie, in that when the customers get there, 
they kind of let out a deep breath and they go, oh my god, this is beautiful, I want to live here, I want my home to look 
like this. So it really feels like Anthropologie. And it's just going to be a question of time for us to get it appropriately 
productive and profitable. 

I think it's likely we'll open a second one in the next 12 to 18 months. I think the likelihood of us opening a third one 
will be based on how it performs this year. I think that we're very disciplined about managing our risk, but we're also 
excited about the – what we believe is a tremendous opportunity for us. 

<Q - Brian Sozzi>: Great. Thanks, guys. I definitely agree. Good luck. 

Operator 

The next question comes from Adrienne Tennant of FBR. 

<Q - Adrienne Tennant>: Good morning. My question is on the inventory plan, so total comp inventory was down 
7%. Can you give us a breakdown by division, and do you have any color on how we should think about the comp 
inventories at the end of the second quarter? Thanks. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Adrienne, how are you? 

<Q - Adrienne Tennant>: Good. How are you? 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Good. So I'll answer the same way I seem to always answer. We don't 
really have an inventory comp plan. We have a weeks of supply plan. I feel very comfortable with where the weeks of 


supply are in each of our brands. The decrease is relatively equal between Urban and Anthropologie at the end of first 
quarter, a little bit higher at Urban than Anthropologie, but most importantly, I feel good about the weeks of supply, I 
feel good about the FIFO, I feel good about the current content. And, as I've said, we always take markdowns as soon 
as we recognize that we have them and we're constantly maneuvering our plans based on trends in the business. 

<Q - Adrienne Tennant>: Okay. And then your comment about repositioning the inventory, you felt you had – you 
were there at Anthropologie, and then Free People and Urban there were still changes. Is that based on weeks of 
supply? 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: No, it's not based on weeks of supply. It's based on productivity within 
the inventory, and... 

<Q - Adrienne Tennant>: Okay. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: ...so I think if you – if I look at every attribute and those of you who've 
followed us for a while understand how we manage our business, it's – we manage it in attribute buckets. So if we look 
at every attribute in our business and we look at what the on hand is, what the rate of sale is, and what the on order is, I 
would say we're most where we want to be right now at Anthropologie and probably least where we want to be at Free 
People. But I don't want to frighten you because this is an ongoing dynamic process, it's an iterative process, it goes on 
every week in our Company. 

<Q - Adrienne Tennant>: Okay. Great. Thanks, and good luck. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Margaret Whitfield of Sterne Agee. 

<Q - Margaret Whitfield>: Yeah, following up on your comment, Glen, about Free People, I wondered if you could 
give us a grade for how you view the merchandise. I know earlier it was thought to have been too basic, too boyish. 
How would you comment on their current merchandise situation? 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: I think that Free People, and I meant to get this statistic and I forgot to 
do it. I think we had 19 consecutive quarters of double-digit growth in wholesale, and God knows I've gone through 
this myself a couple of times when I was running a brand. I think we just kind of hit a stress point and I'd give the 
assortment probably a C to C plus right now. I think Meg and the group have tremendous clarity on what they need to 
do. I think they're very energized. Funnily enough, the assortment seems to be working better at some of our wholesale 
partners than it does in our own stores, but that's okay. I mean, our own stores tend to be a little bit earlier with the 
fashion than some of our wholesale partners. 

So I think that it's a great team. I think they just -- when you take a store count, and you go from 15 to 30 almost 
overnight. And you look at a wholesale business that's I think gone – increased, I don't know John, maybe eight or nine 
times in the last five years, we hit a little bit of a stress point, but I think we're through that now. And I think you'll see 
positive numbers in the next -- certainly in the next six months. 

<Q - Margaret Whitfield>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Betty Chen of Wedbush Morgan. 

<Q - Betty Chen>: Thank you, good morning. I was wondering if John or Glen, if you could give us a little bit more 
clarity on the SG&A. I know earlier, John, you had mentioned that you felt growth of roughly 1.5% was reasonable to 


consider for the rest of the year. Could you give us some color around sort of where -- what areas are we getting these 
sort of SG&A savings or control? Is it from rent as you've been renewing stores? Is it construction costs? Is it store 
payroll? Any additional color would be very helpful. Thank you. 

<A - John Kyees>: Betty, my comment earlier was in relation to -- I think I said that we thought we would grow five 
to 10% the balance of the year. The first quarter was a little unusually low because we had some unusual one-time 
expenses a year ago on the launch of Terrain, and some things like that. So I would not expect 1.5 to be the number 
going forward. By the same token, I still think we can leverage it somewhere around flat comp. So we feel pretty 
comfortable about that. And it's really not one specific area of expense. It's every single line item that people have, as a 
group, attacked and reduce. So we've done a great job with our store controllable expenses, but we've done a great job 
with a lot of other expenses, so it's not one area. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: And just to build on that, Betty, things like rent and construction costs 
are reflected in occupancy, not SG&A. And to the extent that we've seen improvements there, which we have, they will 
reap rewards for many years to come because they're amortized over the lease -- over the life of the lease. One of the 
things, as I think about speaking to the community that I'm speaking to today versus our shareholders and our 
employees, as the CEO, I take my direction from Dick and the Board, and I always have to balance the short-term with 
the long-term. And I've said before publicly, and I'll say again, that we will not cut muscle from this organization. The 
Company has done an extraordinary job of looking at every single expense category going back to our partners, looking 
within, and I'm extremely proud of the way they're managing expense. But we are not cutting things that we believe 
will build our company for the long-term. We're very profitable. We're very cash flow positive. We don't need to do 
that. We don't intend to do that. We intend to have a $10 billion business, and we're going to get there by making 
investments in our business. 

<Q - Betty Chen>: To clarify, are there any one-time startup charges that we will be anniversarying from Q2 last year? 

<A - John Kyees>: Not really. Q1 was the major one-time expense issue. 

<Q - Betty Chen>: Thank you, and best of luck. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Kimberly Greenberger of Citigroup. 

<Q - Kimberly Greenberger>: Great, thank you. Good morning. Glen, could you talk about where you are in your 
concept to market initiative? I know you've already brought lead times down with the help of your sourcing 
department. At what point in the future do you think you get your lead times down to that eight to 10 week range that 
you've talked about in the past? 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, Kimberly, it's a great question. It's a complicated answer, 
unfortunately. We're actually, on reorders, we're actually below the eight weeks now. In fact, in some instances, if we 
own the fabric, we're considerably faster than eight weeks. The highlight for me a couple of weeks ago, we had a 
15,000 unit reorder shipped in two weeks. So Barbara and her team really -- and it's everybody, it's the merchant team 
and the design team -- have done an exceptional job. 

The processes are in place. What we're layering in now are the systems, and the systems don't force the behavioral 
change. They just enable us to manage it more effectively. But the processes are in place, and we're reaping the 
benefits. Here we are a couple of weeks into the second quarter, and we still have liquidity in the second quarter. We're 
very liquid going into the third quarter. This is a big change from a couple of years ago. So I think a good portion of the 
CTM benefit we're literally realizing. 

Now, will we continue to see improvements? I believe we will. I think we, probably, over the last couple of years, have 
cut two to three weeks off of the lead times. I think probably we have another two to three weeks to go. But for me, the 


real opportunity is with this TradeStone system that we're in the process of implementing, breaking the components of 
the process down so that we can delay decisions to the last possible minute and get the right product in the right place 
at the right time. I realize that's a little bit of speak. I don't if that's enough of an answer for you if you want more. 

<Q - Kimberly Greenberger>: That's helpful, Glen. The last of the system implementation, is that like an early 2010 
event? 

<A>: Well, I'll ask Calvin to give you a few details. 

<A>: Hi, Kimberly, this is Calvin. So the TradeStone system that Glen mentioned, there are two phases, the one is 
providing visibility from our factory into our distribution center. We are in the final stage of testing that right now. So 
in Q2, we'll begin piloting with our vendors and rolling it out. I expect the roll out to all vendors will get to carton level 
visibility coming into DC will be rolled out over the next six to nine months. So it will provide us visibility. 

The big benefit of the system we're putting in is the -- helping Barbara's team shortening the design and the whole 
manufacturing cycle, again, delaying the decisions. That is our second phase. We'll begin that in Q2, but I anticipate it 
will take us into next year to begin piloting that phase, again, the phase between the technical design and the actual 
manufacturing of the merchandise. 

<Q - Kimberly Greenberger>: Great, Calvin. Thank you. 

<A>: Sure. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Christine Chen of Needham & Company. 

<Q - Christine Chen>: Thank you. Good morning. Wondering if you could talk a little bit about your pricing strategy 
in this environment. I know that fashion continues to sell and have no price resistance. But as you think about the mix 
of the assortment, are you skewing your prices in one direction or the other? And with respect to the middle product, is 
it better for you to have a lower opening price point versus having it moved to first markdown? 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Yes. Christine, what I would -- I think as we get more clarity on the 
fashion, what would be best for us is to buy more of the fashion and less of kind of that middle product. But to the 
extent that the merchant team still wants to buy the middle product, I think they'll price it lower. Now, our AUR, I think 
for the total Company in the first quarter was up 2%, largely driven by Urban. It was slightly down at Anthropologie 
and at Free People. That's really not the kind of thing we have like a three- or six-month view on. We're going to let the 
customer decide what she wants and we'll go there. 

My gut tells me it's not going to move dramatically. My gut tells me that we may have some lower opening price 
points, but that the fashion, which is an important part of our mix, will probably stay pretty constant. And in fact, I 
think there are some more expensive goods that we're seeing higher sell-throughs on than we've seen in quite some 
time. I'll throw one tidbit out there, we're selling a lot of premium denim right now. So particularly at Free People and 
Anthropologie, we may see the pant AUR go up because the premium denim seems to be gaining traction. 

<Q - Christine Chen>: Great. Well, thank you, and good luck. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from John Kiernan of Cowen & Company. 

<Q - John Kiernan>: Hi, guys. This is John, standing in for Laura. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Hey, John. 


<Q - John Kiernan>: Can you give us – I mean you ranked where you thought each brand stood on kind of a letter 
grade. Is that including what your read is on the summer assortment? Can you give us a little bit better feeling for that 
and your initial reads on the style -- the style and the assortment? 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: I don't like to make forward-looking statements. Mr. Bodzy, who's 
sitting across from me, will beat on me. So I'd rather just kind of leave it at the commentary of what's in the store now. 
What I will say to give you some comfort level is I think, again, I think the business is more predictable today than it 
was three to four months ago. And I keep hearing questions – I hear commentary that there's not a lot of fashion right 
now. I was thinking about it this morning. There is more fashion going on right now than I think there has been in a 
long time. I was thinking this morning. There are fashion trends in every single category of women's apparel and 
probably about half the categories of women's accessories right now. I mean, it is a field of opportunity. 

<Q - John Kiernan>: Okay. Thanks. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Sure. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Janet Kloppenburg of JJK Research. 

<Q - Janet Kloppenburg>: Hi, everybody, and congratulations on controlling the quarter so well. I wanted to ask a 
little bit about the outlook for gross margin given that the inventories are in good shape and that the business feels a 
little bit more predictable right now, and also that John still I think got a little bit of reserve left in his back pocket. 
Should – do we think the worst of the gross margin declines are behind us and could there be some lower product cost 
advantages working their way into the IMU that could also benefit gross margin? Thank you. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Janet, I think John and I can share this. The – as I said in the prepared 
comments, the bulk of the gross margin decrement was occupancy-related. So until we improve the comps, we're not 
going to be able to address that part of the decrement. 

We are seeing IMU improvement. We had a considerable amount of IMU improvement in our retail and 
direct-to-consumer business. We were hurt a little bit by our wholesale business, which had a higher than normal close 
out performance. So in total, our IMU improvement – we had IMU improvement, but it wasn't as significant as it could 
be. To the extent that we can manage our wholesale inventories better going forward, I think we'll see more IMU 
improvement. 

I mean, the real unknown is whether or not we bought the right fashion in the right way for the second quarter and 
beyond. I hope we have. I – and that's what I can tell you right now. The big thing for me is that, I had – and we've 
talked about this. On October 15, I had absolutely no warning that we were going to have a $60 million downturn in 
business, yet two weeks later, we had a $60 million downturn. We had kind of a downturn in business again in January, 
really January – late January, early February. I'm seeing more stability now. So I think we have a better sense of -- that 
tomorrow is going to look like yesterday. And to the extent that that helps our maintain margins, then I think we'll get 
back to normal as soon as we can get our comp business back. 

<Q - Janet Kloppenburg>: But wouldn't that also help the markdown levels, the greater predictability, the opportunity 
to input more loves and outtake more likes in the assortment? 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, I would – I think that I would expect improvement. It's just a 
question of how fast it's going to happen. 

<Q - Janet Kloppenburg>: Okay. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: But if the business – if I'm correct, and the business is predictable, and 
we're buying the right – to the right business level, and we're buying to the patterns we see, then our markdown rates 
should improve. But we're not going to hit historical gross margins until we get the comp business back up. 


<Q - Janet Kloppenburg>: And could the IMU improvement be meaningful as we go through the year to all brands? 
<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: I'll let John answer that. 
<A - John Kyees>: Yeah, I think it could be, Janet. Ballpark, we'd say somewhere between 50 and 100 basis points is a 


possibility, as you move forward into the year. I think the other thing to remember about the margin is, of course as 
Glen said, the occupancy expense, which typically runs for us somewhere in the 13 to 15% range. 


<Q - Janet Kloppenburg>: Right. 
<A - John Kyees>: That's going to delever if we run negative comps, and if it – we run positive comps, then we get a 
different answer. So all those are – that's a real opportunity in the margin going forward. 


<Q - Janet Kloppenburg>: Great. Thanks so much, and best of luck. 
<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you, Janet. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Michelle Tan of Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - Michelle Tan>: Great. Thanks. Most of my questions have been asked. I was wondering if you could just give us 
some color on performance, any differences by region or by store type that stand out across all – across the Urban and 
the Anthro brands separately? 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Michelle, the only thing I said in the prepared comments was for both 
of the brands, and we don't talk about Free People because the group is really too small at this point. But with the two 
larger brands, the west coast was definitely the weakest region. For Anthropologie, the northeast was strongest; for 
Urban Outfitters, the Midwest was the strongest. But I think that from a regional point of view, the thing to note is that 
the west coast was hurt the most, and that's largely Los Angeles based. In terms of store type, there's really nothing to 
read into it. 

<Q - Michelle Tan>: So no real difference between the street versus mall or non-mall versus mall? 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: No. 

<Q - Michelle Tan>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Jennifer Black of Jennifer Black & Associates. 

<Q - Jennifer Black>: Good morning, and thank you for taking my question. I was curious how you feel about the 
response, are you getting a more powerful response to each catalog versus doing the re-drops? 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, Jennifer, I think the strategy to do discrete catalogs was a good 
strategy. But remember, what the catalog has really become for all of our brands is a call to action. It – the vast 
majority of our direct-to-consumer business is done via the website now, so it's become more of a marketing vehicle for 
us and less of an absolute direct response vehicle. 

<Q - Jennifer Black>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Sure. 


Operator 

Our next question comes from Jeff Black of Barclays. 

<Q - Jeff Black>: Hey, thanks. Good morning. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Hey, Jeff. 

<Q - Jeff Black>: Hey, John, maybe you can help me out on this. On the gross margin – so you're saying you got an 80 
basis point benefit from the reversal of the shrink – I'm sorry, of the gross margin reserve. And does that mean we saw 
occupancy de-leverage north of 300 basis points, just to get some clarity on that? And regarding the store plans, I mean, 
we put up five stores, and I think we're still on track for 42, how does that cadence for opening look in the next three 
quarters? Thanks. 

<A - John Kyees>: Yeah, I'll answer your first question, and then I'll get you off line on the second one, but the total 
margin deterioration was 300 basis points. If – so you're saying – what you're saying is between occupancy and 
markdowns. And I consider the obsolescence reserve part of markdowns, because it really is – it's a reserve that's 
addressing the markdowns or the markdown situation in the prior quarter that's going to happen in this quarter. 

So, yeah, the occupancy, as we said in the call, was the largest part of the 300-point deterioration and the markdowns 
would account for the rest of it. So it isn't 300 plus basis point deterioration in occupancy. 

<Q - Jeff Black>: Fair enough. Thanks. 

<A - John Kyees>: Sure. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Dana Telsey of Telsey Advisory Group. 

<Q - Dana Telsey>: Good morning, everyone. Glen, can you talk a little bit about what you're seeing from the 
customers, frequency of visits, what they're saying? Is there any – are you noticing any expansion of the customer base, 
whether age group, income level, what's happening on that scope? And also, as you look at new store productivity, 
John, what are you seeing in terms of new store productivity either from last year's stores or how they're tracking 
relative to prior? Thank you. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Dana, we – I think most of you know, we don't have traffic counters, 
so any kind of customer data I give you is anecdotal. And we basically measure our customer traffic through our comp 
store sales. Anecdotally, I believe that the stores are as highly trafficked as they have ever been, I think people are 
spending a little bit less money, they're being more discriminating. And I don't think we're getting customers outside of 
our target. So I don't think people are trading up or trading down into us. But, again, this is all anecdotal and I hate to 
kind of give you anecdotal data. In terms of our direct business where we have hard data, we're seeing normal growth 
in terms of customer acquisition. 

<A - John Kyees>: And, Dana, on the new store question, Glen commented in his prepared remarks about $10 million 
worth of foreign exchange numbers that were actually reduced from the non-comp numbers that we reported. If those 
are thrown back in, the new store productivities really was exceptional this quarter. It was close to 88% of existing 
store base. So probably one of the strongest numbers we've had in a while. 

<Q - Dana Telsey>: Thank you. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 


Our next question comes from Howard Tubin of RBC Capital Markets. 

<Q - Howard Tubin>: Oh, thanks very much. Glen, anything new or different coming up on the marketing front going 
forward? 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Howard, the biggest thing for us with regard to marketing is the way 
we're thinking about the web. And it is -- what's happening there is just so exciting. We're beginning to get our arms 
around the whole social media scene. I'm so intrigued, I'm sure most of you know the Susan Boyle phenomenon, over 
100 (sic) [100 million] people have watched her YouTube video in, what is it, three and a half weeks. Dmitri Siegel, 
our Head of Urban Direct, was telling me that more people learned about the Swine Flu via YouTube and Facebook 
than they learned about Susan Boyle. 

So, I mean, the way that word is moving through the blogs: YouTube, Facebook, Twitter, et cetera, is amazing. I'd say 
that's the biggest opportunity for us. I think we'll have -- at the beginning of the year, we had 250 million Facebook 
users – not we, Facebook did. I think Twitter is expected to grow from 7.5 million users about a month ago to 75 
million users by the end of the year. And the whole mobile technology, I think that the URBN customer base is about 
30% penetrated with smartphones, which is higher than the nation, that's a lot of opportunity for us, so that's where 
we're focused. 

<Q - Howard Tubin>: Great. Thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Randy Konik of Jefferies. 

<Q - Randal Konik>: Hey, thanks a lot. Glen and John, it looks like you obviously had good markdown rate control in 
the quarter. Can you just give us a little bit of a color or sense how the markdown rates look across Anthropologie and 
Urban Outfitters? And if we were going to get some improvement in coming quarters or opportunity for improvement 
in coming quarters, where would you see the most likelihood for potential improvement in that rate? Thanks. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, Randy, I mean, we – I think you know we don't usually give 
color, margin data within – by brand. And I'll just go back to what I said earlier, that I believe the business is more 
predictable. And to the extent that we're buying to the right number and to the extent that we're buying product to the 
correct anticipated rate of sale, the markdowns are going to reduce. 

<Q - Randal Konik>: I guess a quick follow-up then. When you've looked at – you've talked to us in the past about 
operating margins on a qualitative basis by divisions. Where do you think we are in the cycle of each major division, 
Anthropologie and Urban, where would you see the most potential for improvement in the next three to four quarters? 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: I think that they're roughly, in relative terms, the opportunity is equal. I 
mean, we've always said that we expect Anthropologie would have the highest ROS as a brand. Within the brands, 
when wholesale is humming, it's super profitable. John has said pretty consistently that the direct-to-consumer 
businesses are more profitable than the brick-and-mortar businesses. So I think all of the relationships are -- were pretty 
much a constant in the first quarter. So I'd say there's opportunity across the whole Company. 

<Q - Randal Konik>: All right. Thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Liz Dunn of Thomas Weisel & Partners. 

<Q - Liz Dunn>: Hi. Good afternoon at this point. I guess my question relates to fashion. I know you mentioned that 
you're seeing a lot of fashion out there right now, and I know you don't like to get too specific for competitive reasons. 
But could you shed some light on some of the bigger trends that you're seeing? And specifically, how are dresses, and 


is there an emerging skirt trend? 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Liz, I -- as much as I want to answer you because I love -- nothing 
gives me more joy than to talk about fashion. I just love it. But I just really, I go back and I look at who listens to these 
phone calls, and I know that our competitors are listening to the phone calls. So I just -- as much as I want to talk about 
it, I can't. All I can tell you is that there is more action than there has been in a long time. There's certainly more action 
right now than there was three or four months ago. I mean, I think people are ready for it again, and that's -- that's about 
it. Go into our stores, if it's at regular price, it's selling. If it's marked down, it was probably a mistake. 

<Q - Liz Dunn>: All right. Thank you. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Robin Murchison of SunTrust. 

<Q - Robin Murchison>: Thank you, and good morning, and congratulations on a difficult quarter. A couple 
housekeeping questions for John, please. We can assume that your expansion plans are on track, that they're the same 
number of units for the balance of the year, as you talked previously. And also just wanted to double-check the Terrain 
cost or impact to the year. Do you expect it to be similar to last year or more or less? Thank you. 

<A - John Kyees>: Yeah. In terms of the number of stores, we're still, as we've said, negotiating a lot of deals and 
scrambling and delaying some deals because it works to our best interest to play hard to get in some cases. So, the 
number of stores, we've said 42 in the release, that could be a range, around 40. So we'll see where that finally ends up 
as we continue to negotiate our deals. In terms of Terrain, I would guess this year, because we won't have the startup 
costs that we had last year in Terrain, that it should be a little lower P&L impact than it was last year. 

<Q - Robin Murchison>: Thank you, John. 

Operator 

[Operator instructions]. Our next question comes from Richard Jaffe of Stifel Nicolaus. 

<Q - Richard Jaffe>: Thank you very much. Glen, a quick question, you mentioned sort of an optimum management 
structure, and touched on a COO role. Do you want to talk a little bit more about your optimum structure and sort of 
open jobs and how you're progressing in terms of filling the CEO's job and others you might want to fill or reconfigure 
the business? 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, Richard, I think the big job that we have open right now as a 
company is the Chief Operating Officer. And our view of this role is that the person will be my partner, helping to run 
and strategize all of the shared service areas. So, to the extent that I can focus on the customer facing part of our 
business, and basically working with the brand heads to -- on merchandise strategy, marketing strategy and so on, and 
be less focused on areas like logistics, distribution, finance, quite frankly, earnings calls. I think that will create some 
more value for the Company. 

So that's really our strategy, and we've met with many, many people in the last couple of years. We've lost a couple of 
people that we would have loved to have had join the Company, but we've got some good leads currently. And if any of 
you have any ideas, please call me. And I would say the COO is really the major opening that we have right now. I'm 
trying, as CEO, to do a better job of thinking -- or I shouldn't say better job, but really thinking about what needs the 
Company is going to have over the next five to 10 years so that we can get out in front of it instead of chasing it. 

<Q - Richard Jaffe>: Glen, if you were to drill down a little bit on a divisional level, are there any -- do you need a 
COO in each division as a President or a support person of the current team? 


<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: I think, Richard, as our business grows, I think that we want more staff 
in the brands and we don't want a lot of staff in the Corporation. We really believe in holding each of our brands 
accountable and letting them run their business and have the kind of culture they want to have within each of their 
brands. So it's not going to be, I think we've learned from what some of our peer group has done. I don't see -- I don't 
see adding a lot of staff to the Corporation. So having said that, I do see a structure of probably having a Chief 
Operating Officer in each brand. I mean there's a lot of financial analysis, distribution, store operations, a lot of 
logistics that need a lot of focus within each brand. 

<Q - Richard Jaffe>: Got it. Thank you. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our final question comes from Brian Tunick of JP Morgan. 

<Q - Brian Tunick>: Okay, great. Thanks, guys. I guess maybe for Ted, just trying to understand a little more about 
the Urban Outfitters division in the quarter. Were the apparel comps positive, and the home, obviously, was that bad? 
We're trying to understand why AURs were up 7% in the quarter. If you could just maybe talk a little bit more about 
what happened at Urban? 

<A - Tedford Marlow>: Well, the one I would say is that our team did a great job delivering the way we had the 
business planned in the quarter. We were not being real optimistic about the kickoff of the year. We planned the quarter 
ridiculously conservative, and came in right in line with plan. As I've mentioned already, the apparel businesses, both 
men's and women's, performed well in the quarter as in they were right at their plan. We were a little south of where we 
wanted to be on our women's accessories business. However, accessories is going up against just remarkable 
performance last year. So they probably had the steepest hill to climb in the quarter. 

As far as the AUS being up, that's something that has been trending in our business as we've come through about the 
past 18 months, as we've really gotten traction with the work of our internal design team and being able to deliver a 
product that has more intrinsic value. We want to be paid for that work, and we have been paid for that work, and have 
been able to build our average unit sales. That helps us as well in productivity and processing through the DC and 
within each of the stores by being able to achieve a little higher AUS. So that's something that has been part of our 
strategy in the business for essentially the last, I would say, more than 36 months, but that we've really been able to 
make headway on over the last couple of years. I think I've touched a bit of each piece of the question. 

<Q - Brian Tunick>: Terrific. Thanks very much. 

<A - Tedford Marlow>: Surely. 

Operator 

I'm not showing any further questions. Would you like to continue with any further remarks? 

Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer 

No. Everyone, thank you so much. Hope to see you over the next several months. 

Operator 


Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program. 
You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2009, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


