Q1 2011 Earnings Call 

Company Participants 

• Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer 
• Glen Bodzy 
• Eric Artz 
• Steve Murray 
• Tedford Marlow 
• Calvin Hollinger 
• Barbara Rozsas 
Other Participants 

• Kimberly Greenberger 
• Adrienne Tennant 
• Lorraine Hutchinson 
• Betty Chen 
• Michelle Clark 
• Michelle Tan 
• Christine Chen 
• Anna Andreeva 
• Tracy Kogan 
• Samantha Panella 
• Barbara Wyckoff 
• Edward Yruma 
• Roxanne Meyer 
• Laura Champine 
• Liz Dunn 
• Erika Maschmeyer 
• Richard Jaffe 
• Robin Murchison 
• Howard Tubin 
• Jeff Black 
• Jeffrey Black 
• Janet Kloppenburg 
• Dana Telsey 
• Stacy Pak 
• Marni Shapiro 
• Jennifer Black 
• Dave Weiner 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 


Operator 


Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Urban Outfitters, Incorporated First Quarter Fiscal 2011 Earnings 
Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder this conference call is being recorded. 

The following discussions may include forward-looking statements. Please note that actual results may differ materially 
from those statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially 
from projected results is contained in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Glen Senk, CEO. Sir, you may begin. 

Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer 

Good morning and welcome to the URBN quarterly conference call. Joining me today is Eric Artz, Chief Financial 
Officer; John Kyees, Chief Investor Relations Officer; and the majority of our brand and shared service leaders. 

Earlier this morning the company issued a press release outlining the financial and operating results for the three-month 
period ending April 30, 2010. I will begin today's call by reading prepared commentary regarding our performance. 
Then the group and I will be pleased to answer any questions you may have. As usual you will be able to access the 
text of today's conference call on our corporate Web site at www.urbanoutfittersinc.com. 

We are delighted to begin the new fiscal year with a series of record-breaking results for the quarter. The following 
summarizes our first quarter fiscal 2011 performance versus the comparable quarter last year. Net sales increased 25% 
to $480 million. Income from operations grew 78% to $82 million, resulting in an operating margin of 17%. Net 
income increased 72% to $53 million or $0.31 per diluted share. 

Comparable retail segment sales, which include our direct-to-consumer channel rose 16% with increases of 22%, 25%, 
22% and 9% at Anthropologie, Free People, Terrain and Urban Outfitters respectively. Total company comparable 
store sales increased 11%. 

Direct-to-consumer sales rose 42% with all three brands posting double-digit increases. Wholesale revenue increased 
4% to $25 million. Gross profit margins increased 459 basis points, aided by significant gains in initial margins, 
reductions in merchandise markdowns to clear seasonal product and a lower rate of occupancy expense, driven by the 
strong store comparable net sales growth. 

Selling, general and administrative expenses, expressed as a percentage of sales, declined 55 basis points to 24.7%. 
Comparable retail segment inventories, which include our direct-to-consumer channel, were 3% higher at quarter's end. 

Finally, cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities grew year-to-year by $213 million to $773 million, increasing 
$28 million to the January 31, 2010 balance. 

I'll begin today by providing more detail on each of our key business metrics for the quarter, starting with sales. New 
and non-comparable store sales contributed $34 million including a gain of $3 million and currency translation 
adjustments for foreign-based sales. The company opened nine new stores in the quarter, five Anthropologie stores, 
including a second location in London, two Free People stores and two Urban Outfitters stores. Within the quarter, 
comparable store sales were positive each month but strongest in March, although on a 2-year basis they were strongest 
in April. 

By region, sales in Anthropologie were positive in all locations but strongest in the West. And sales at Urban Outfitters 
were positive in all locations but strongest in the South. By store venue, sales at Anthropologie were strongest in 
lifestyle centers. And sales at Urban Outfitters were strongest in malls. 

For stores, transaction counts were up 10%. Average unit selling prices declined by 1% and units per transaction 
increased by 2%. 

Direct-to-consumer sales rose 42% to $86 million. The penetration of direct-to-consumer sales to net sales as a whole 
increased more than two percentage points to 18%, highlighting a continuing secular shift in the way our customer's 


shopping and efficacy of our e-commerce strategies. These results were driven by more than 24 million website visits, a 
gain of 30% or nearly six million visits. 

By merchandise category, women's apparel and accessories were strongest at Anthropologie. And women's apparel and 
accessories and men's apparel were strongest at Urban Outfitters. 

Each brand's merchant team, including planning, design, production and buying, transitioned from winter to spring to 
summer exceptionally well. As we entered the second quarter, the inventory content was fresh, compelling and 
appropriately balanced. I'd like to now turn your attention to our wholesale segment for the quarter. 

With the addition of Leifsdottir, revenue increased 4% to $25 million. While Free People's wholesale revenue increased 
just 1% to $23 million, the composition of the business was favorable, with sales to specialty stores increasing 31%, 
sales to department stores flat and sales to clearance outlets decreasing significantly. Leifsdottir's wholesale revenue 
increased 37% to $2.5 million and we are continually encouraged by the brand's long-term potential. 

I'd like to now turn your attention to gross margin, operating expense and income. Gross margins for the quarter 
increased 459 basis points to 41.8%, driven by gains in initial margins, reduction in merchandise markdowns to clear 
seasonal product and a lower rate of occupancy expense. I'd like to reiterate that over the long term, we believe we have 
continued opportunity to increase initial margins and reduce markdown levels. 

The organization continued to exhibit exceptional discipline in managing expenses while making strategic investments 
in talent, design, supply chain, technology, our direct-to-consumer businesses and our European infrastructure. Total 
selling, general and administrative expenses for the quarter as a percentage of sales declined 55 basis points to 24.7%. 

This improvement was driven by the control and leveraging of direct store fixed and controllable expenses, which more 
than offset an increased accrual of incentive-based compensation expense based on our current year performance. 

The company generated an impressive 17% operating margin, earning a first quarter record of $82 million in income 
from operations, an increase of 78% versus the same quarter last year. We also achieved our highest ever net income 
for a first quarter, $53 million, an increase of 72% from the prior year, with earnings per diluted share of $0.31. 

The company's annual effective tax rate was 35.9% versus 36.1% for the same quarter last year. And the company 
anticipates further improvement from the current quarter annual effective tax rate for the remainder of the year, related 
to an increase in income generated from foreign operations. 

It's satisfying to begin the new fiscal year with record sales and earnings but to do so within the greater context of our 
long-term goals is even more gratifying. As I think of the four key growth initiatives we laid out a year ago, our 
organization executed admirably. 

Our first key initiative was to drive productivity in our core brick-and-mortar businesses through employing a variety 
of strategies in four areas: product; site selection and store design; store operations; and marketing. The team has made 
numerous process and systemic improvements across all four functions. 

In fact, I'd say that our first quarter 11% comparable store performance, our first quarter positive year-on-year 
performance and our 10-year comparable store average of 6% isn't just about fashion. It's about strategy and execution. 

The way we manage the supply chain has changed dramatically beginning with assortment architecture and design, 
flowing through to production, buying and logistics and finishing with allocation. We're a different, more controlled, 
more nimble company. And the exciting thing is that we still have a lot of opportunity ahead. 

The improvements we've made in site selection and store design are also beginning to pay off. Our class of 2009 was 
one of our best performing groups of new stores ever. In fact, for the company as a whole in the first quarter, our new 
stores had slightly higher sales per square foot averages than our comparable stores. 

We're on track with the implementation of our cross-channel database. We plan to be fully operational by the end of the 
third quarter and we expect to see modest benefits in the fourth quarter. Just imagine the potential. Once we know 
who's shopping, what motivates them to shop, how and when they want us to communicate, how they want us to 


personalize their shopping experience, we expect to mine this information to better serve our customers and ultimately 
drive productivity for years to come. 

Our second key initiative was to increase the penetration of direct-to-consumer sales to total company sales by focusing 
on five strategic areas: our online merchandise assortment; the web sites themselves; mobile commerce; fulfillment 
operations; and social media. I have said before that we are channel agnostic as to how our customer reaches us. And 
that we are unwilling to set an upward limit to the level of penetration. 

Our mind shift is that we see our online experience as a robust expression of who we are as a brand, unbound by 
brick-and-mortar constraints. We believe, however, that for our customers and for the lifestyle, experience and types of 
products we sell that we are in a position of strength as a multi-channel retailer. 

We believe our 42% gain in direct-to-consumer sales indicates that our strategies are working. And I'd like to offer my 
congratulations and thanks to the myriad of people on the URBN team who have worked so hard to make this happen. 

The third key initiative we discussed was international expansion, currently with an emphasis in Europe but eventually 
moving to the Far East and other parts of the world. The mind shift here is that we no longer view ourselves as a North 
American retailer. Instead we view ourselves as a global retailer and we are in the process of creating a strategy, 
structure and approach to support that goal. 

In the meantime, our European business is becoming increasingly important to the company. The Urban brand 
continues to narrow the performance gap between North America and Europe. And during this past first quarter, 
Anthropologie successfully opened its second London location and launched anthropologie.eu. 

Our final growth initiative was adding brands to the URBN portfolio so that the company is comprised of a minimum 
of six significant brands over the next 10 years. During the first quarter, we continued to make important progress with 
Terrain and Leifsdottir. And we also announced the formation of our new wedding concept, which will launch during 
the first quarter of calendar 2011. 

Before I finish with my prepared comments this morning, I'd like to formally recognize and thank John Kyees and Ted 
Marlow for their exceptional contributions to our company. John has been an invaluable partner to me and the 
executive leadership team during his nearly 7-year tenure with the company. 

During John's reign, our company revenue grew from $548 million to just under $2 billion. Our yearly profit grew from 
$48 million to $220 million. And our market cap grew from $404 million to $5.3 billion. We will miss John's 
stewardship, and we will also miss his kindness and decency. 

Ted has been an estimable member of the Urban leadership team as well. Under Ted's 9-year watch, the Urban 
Outfitters brand revenue nearly sextupled to nearly $900 million. He opened more than 100 new stores. He launched 
the direct-to-consumer business and the European business thrived. Ted is a powerful leader, leaving behind a strong 
global team and creative vision and foundation that will carry the brand for years to come. 

Personally and on behalf of the board and all URBN employees, we thank John and Ted for their extraordinary 
commitment and wish them all the best in retirement. 

We welcomed Eric Artz to the company on our last call. So it's now time to welcome Steve Murray. As most of you 
have read, Steve joined our company from the VF Corporation where he served as president of the VF Action Sports 
Coalition overseeing the Vans and Reef brands. Steve is a marketer and merchant at heart and brings a vast global 
experience and brilliant track record in growing lifestyle brands and retail concepts. We are thrilled to have Steve join 
our executive team, and we are confident that he will continue to build the Urban Outfitters legacy and business. 

As we have often repeated, our over-arching goal is constant and simple: to grow revenue by at least 20%; to grow 
profit at a faster rate than sales; and to reach a minimum of 20% operating income. With a 10-year revenue CAGR of 
21% and a 10-year income from operations CAGR of 25%, we are on course. 


Furthermore, I believe we are a better company than ever with sound strategies, a world-class organization and an 
unerring focus on superior execution. As always, the leadership team and I look forward to continuing to inspire our 
customers and reward our shareholders and employees alike. 

I will now open the call to questions. And as is our custom, I ask each of you to limit yourselves to one question. Thank 
you. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Kimberly Greenberger of Citigroup. 

<Q - Kimberly Greenberger>: Thank you. Good morning and congratulations on a really fantastic start to the year. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you, Kimberly. 

<Q - Kimberly Greenberger>: Glen, I'm wondering if you can look back at the first quarter and talk to us a little bit 
about the differential in performance between Anthropologie and Urban Outfitters. We all tend to look at the one-year 
comp, understanding that the Urban division had a much, much, much more different comparison early on. I think we 
saw some – a sequential improvement at that division throughout the quarter. And then if you could just give us your 
view on whether or not that is in fact the case and your outlook for the second quarter for both brands that would be 
fantastic. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: So, Kimberly, I think as you know we're not providing numbers on 
store-only comps anymore. We're only providing the numbers on the total Retail segment comps. But I can tell you if, 
as we look at the store-only comps internally, the difference between Anthropologie and Urban Outfitters on a 2-year 
basis is minimal. And I've been with the company for 16-plus years now. One year one brand pulls ahead, another year 
another brand pulls ahead. I think both brands are executing well. I think Urban in the first quarter looked better and 
better as the quarter developed. And I wouldn't read anything – I think both brands are executing well and I wouldn't 
read anything into the numbers other than that. 

<Q - Kimberly Greenberger>: Thanks, Glen. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Sure. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Adrienne Tennant of FBR Capital. 

<Q - Adrienne Tennant>: Good morning. And let me add my wonderful congratulations. Job well done. Best wishes 
to John and Ted. My question, Glen, it's sort of about the increasing complexity of the business in many ways. How 
does the infrastructure of the business, either physical or human capital, need to change to support this minimum six 
brand company going forward? 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: That's a great question, Adrienne. We've said repeatedly as a company 
that we embrace complexity. We don't try to minimize it. And the reason why we do that is because we believe our 
customer appreciates complexity. And I know that that's a different model than many of our peers and I don't think it's 
better or worse. It's just different. It's who we are as a company. This company has never been about a single person. It 
was never about Dick and it's certainly not about me. It's about the group of leaders in the organization. 

We are an organization that spends a lot of time on choosing who we bring into the company. Once we bring people 
into the company we spend a lot of time on strategy and clarity of expectations. We have terrific information systems 
that allow us to understand whether or not our daily, weekly, monthly, yearly decisions are working or not working. 


There's a high level of accountability. But we do push decisions down on the company. I remember saying when I first 
became CEO, that I was no longer viewed myself as a merchant that I viewed myself as a strategist and a manager. And 
each of the brands are run by merchants. And they are the people who are calling the merchandise decisions. 

And I think that long term that's the way we can manage the level of complexity we have in the business. So I am not 
sitting in product reviews on a brand-by-brand basis like some of my peers do. That's just not the way I envision my 
role. I envision my role as a mentor, as helping people with strategy, as being someone to bounce ideas off and so on. 
And quite frankly, if I use the two Wendys who have very successfully run Anthropologie through the last three years, 
they've done a better job with Anthropologie than I did. And that's to their credit and I'm sure they would credit the 
staff below them. And that's just the way our company works. 

<Q - Adrienne Tennant>: Okay. That's very helpful. Thank you very much and good luck. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Lorraine Hutchinson of Bank of America. 

<Q - Lorraine Hutchinson>: Thank you. Good morning. Just following on from the press release about share 
buybacks that you issued, just curious if you have started buying back any stock and then how you view that program. 
Is it a way to return an outsized amount of your cash to investors? Or are you looking to just offset dilution? How 
should we think about that going forward? 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: I'll ask Glen Bodzy to respond to that. 

<A - Glen Bodzy>: Yes. The data on the buyback, of course, is reported quarterly. This was simply to update you and 
remind you that the board did approve it in 2006, so you'll be able to see it on a quarterly basis when we put out our Qs. 

<Q - Lorraine Hutchinson>: And maybe just some thoughts on how you're thinking about it going forward? 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: I'd rather not talk about that now, Lorraine. I think we'll follow the 
rules and if we do a buyback you'll see it at the appropriate time. 

<Q - Lorraine Hutchinson>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Betty Chen of Needham & Company (sic) [Wedbush Morgan Securities]. 

<Q - Betty Chen>: It's Betty with Wedbush. Congratulations, everyone, on a great quarter. I was wondering, Glen, if 
you can talk a little bit more about the direct business? Clearly another great quarter and you can see the penetration of 
overall sales from that channel. Can you remind us if you have a target on what mix of overall sales could come from 
the direct business? Any difference by brand? And also how we can use some of the data mining you mentioned, 
whether is it going to be targeted e-mail, special offers? And then lastly, the margin difference between that channel 
and the retail segment. Thanks. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: That's a lot of questions, Betty. I'll try to remember them all. The 
group, as I said on the call, the group who manage the direct-to-consumer business across all of our businesses did a 
superlative job. As I said on the call, we're not limiting ourselves in terms of penetration. We finished the quarter at 
18%. Could it be 25, 30% over the next five years? Absolutely. Could it be higher than that? Perhaps. And we, much 
like we do in all parts of our business, we let the customer decide. 


So we put it out there. We try to be as competitive as possible with our web sites, our product offers, our marketing, our 
fulfillment. And then the customer is going to tell us how he and she want to shop. 

In terms of the margin differential, I know John has repeatedly said that our direct-to-consumer business is the most 
profitable part of our business. I don't want to go into specifics on how much more profitable it is. But it is the most 
profitable part of our business. But that's a side benefit to the increasing penetration. The real reason we're increasing 
penetration is because that's what our customers are asking for. 

<Q - Betty Chen>: Do you see them buying anything differently, just related to that, Glen? 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: The best sellers, Betty, are the best sellers across channels. And as I 
said in my prepared comments, I believe for our customer across all of our brands and the businesses that we're in, 
there's an advantage for multi-channel retailers. I think it's a wonderful thing for a customer to be able to buy online 
one day, through a catalog another day and a store a third day. To be able to return in a store, exchange too, the 
experience is – there's certainly a consistency of brand DNA across the channels. But the experience within each 
channel is different. And I think depending upon the need or the day that someone gets up, he or she may want to 
experience each brand differently. 

<Q - Betty Chen>: Thank you very much. And the stores look great. Best of luck for Q2. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you, Betty. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Michelle Clark of Morgan Stanley. 

<Q - Michelle Clark>: Yes. Good morning. And let me add my congratulations. Question on the SG&A. If you take a 
look in the first quarter, SG&A dollars were up about 22% year-over-year. That compares to up 8% for the full year 
last year. One, how much of that is being driven by the incentive comp? And then how should we think about SG&A 
go forward for the remaining three quarters of the year? Thank you. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. Michelle, I'll ask Eric to answer that. 

<A - Eric Artz>: Michelle, I'd frame your question around our goal of growing profits faster than sales, which 
translates to our goal is to continuously leverage our SG&A. And I think you just have to keep our comps in mind as 
we talked about this as well. I'll go back to what Glen mentioned in his prepared remarks. When you look at our 
SG&A, we've leveraged all of our categories with the exception of incentive-based compensation, which is obviously a 
good thing because that means that we're tracking ahead of our internal plans. The leverage is somewhat muted by the 
investment that we also have spoken about here. Investments in our Europe, infrastructure, the Anthropologie new 
store, the e-com business – or the e-com launch of Anthropologie, our overall technology investments and continued 
investments in direct and people. 

So when you add all those up, or to give you a sense of magnitude of those items that I just mentioned, it equates to 
about a third of the 22% increase. I'd also comment that, as we look forward through the balance of the year, that many 
of those comparisons become more favorable, specifically the incentive compensation piece. So just to re-confirm, 
we're definitely rushing to assure that we have the infrastructure in place to achieve our growth plans, but we're not 
rushing to achieve our 20% operating target, margin. 

<Q - Michelle Clark>: Any comment on what the SG&A leverage point is then through the remaining three quarters? 

<A - Eric Artz>: Not at this time. No. 

<Q - Michelle Clark>: Okay. Thank you. 


Operator 

Our next question comes from Michelle Tan of Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - Michelle Tan>: Great. Thanks. Good morning, guys. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about gross 
margin. You're back to the '05 peaks but it seems like since then there's been a number of these structural changes to 
the profit potential, the direct penetration being up five points, sourcing changes that you've made. I was wondering if 
you could give us some sense of what those things have added to the gross profit potential and how much room there is 
to still get back to optimized markdown rates? 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. Michelle, it's Glen. I don't want to give too much detail on that. 
What I said in my prepared comments was that I believe over the long term we have continued IMU opportunity and 
we have continued markdown opportunity. And I also I want to reiterate what Eric said. I think all of us sitting around 
this table are highly confident that we will achieve our 20% plus ROS profit goal. But we're also very, very cognizant 
of investing in our business because we all want to be here five and 10 and 15 years from now. And we want our 
business to resonate with the customers even more 10 and 15 years from now than it does today. So we are putting 
investment not only in areas such as IT, logistics, infrastructure and people, but we're also putting investments in 
product quite frankly. 

So we absolutely have a plan to continue to raise IMU and lower markdowns but we're going to do so in a very 
methodical way because in this economy today, we are still fighting for every dollar. I've said repeatedly we're not back 
in 2007. It's still tough out there. The customer expects more and more value, more surprises and delights. And we are 
winning right now because our product is better. And that comes at a price. So with regard to the markdown rate, I 
don't know how low, low can be. I think that we've made such progress in calendar compression, such progress in the 
way we plan, such progress in the way we allocate. So when I look at what's on board from a systems point of view, all 
of the upcoming enablers, I don't know how low, low can be. I've got to think that we'll be able to make very, very 
good improvement. 

But I really – so the message is what Eric said. We're going to work as hard as we can to grow profits faster than sales. 
I think we're all confident about the 20%. But I don't want to give you any more insight other than that. 

<Q - Michelle Tan>: Fair enough. Thanks. That's very helpful. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Christine Chen of Needham and Company. 

<Q - Christine Chen>: Thank you. And congratulations on another great quarter. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

<Q - Christine Chen>: Excuse me. I've got a frog in my throat. I was just wondering if you could give us an update on 
what the percentage is between your own brands versus third-party brands particularly at Urban. Are you where you'd 
like to be? And if not, where do you think it can go to by the end of the year? Thank you. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: I'll ask Steve to talk about that. 

<A - Steve Murray>: Christine, it's a mix. So there's actually a difference between North America and Europe. And 
there's a difference between women's and men's. So in men's it's a little bit more national brand heavy. So the resonance 
of external brands tends to be a little more important to the male consumer. In women's, what we've done is we've used 
a lot of our proprietary brands to fill the gaps, frankly, that we feel exist out there for the right type of design with the 
right type of product. And we think we get the license to do that from our female consumer maybe a little bit more than 
we need to or get from men's. So it's higher in women's. 


As far as North America goes, it's probably our target to get it to about 70:30. We occasionally in the past have looked 
above and beyond that, but that feels about right. In men's in Europe, it's a little higher. Right now it's more like 85:15, 
but with the target to come down to about 70:30 as well. But we're constantly playing with that. And that's something 
that I'm digging into in a bit of detail with the merchandisers that now report to me. 

<Q - Christine Chen>: And so what is women's in North America running right now? 

<A - Steve Murray>: Ted, can you give us a specific on that? 

<A - Tedford Marlow>: Your 70:30 is a good goal. 

<A - Steve Murray>: Yeah. Yeah. 

<A - Tedford Marlow>: And then the component that is the 30, that's collaboration-developed product as well as 
branded product out of the market. 

<Q - Christine Chen>: Great. Thank you and good luck. The stores look awesome. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Christine. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Anna Andreeva of JPMorgan. 

<Q - Anna Andreeva>: Great. Good morning. Thanks so much. Glen, you've talked about productivity improvements 
as really one of the biggest priorities for the company. And you're already operating at pretty impressive productivity 
levels. So we were just wondering, could you maybe talk about how you see some of the drivers of productivity by 
division. And what are your goals by division in the next couple of years? 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: The strategies to drive productivity are pretty consistent across each of 
our brands. The first strategy is to continue to do a better job with right product, right place, right time, right price. And 
I could talk about that for an hour. The way we'll continue to make improvements there are in a better planning system, 
in continuing to compress the calendar so that we can make decisions at the last possible moment and get the inventory 
as correct as possible so that we can allocate more effectively. 

When you think about the stores that we have, not only in North America but around the world, we cover a variety of 
weather zones, fashion types. We have different kinds of price elasticities, depending upon where we trade. And the 
more we can micro-allocate the more productive we can make each of our stores. So there's a lot of opportunity still in 
the way that we plan our merchandise, buy it, design it and allocate it. And price it, quite frankly. 

Number 2 is our site selection. Now I was really pleased to review the results and see that our new store group was 
more productive than our comparable store group this past quarter because it means we're doing a better job picking 
sites. We're using empirical data, objective data now. And we're also being smarter about the way we design our stores. 
So that's important. 

Next, the way we operate our stores. And those of you who know anything about store operations know that a great 
store manager can probably impact a comp number by as much as 25% or more. And what we're working as a company 
to understand to institutionalize what it is that a great store manager does and to make sure that we do that across all of 
our stores. We also – the way one manages a $15 million store is different than the way one manages a $10 million 
store or $5 million store. And we're working harder to understand what those differences are and make sure we are 
appropriately distortive. 

And last and certainly not least is this database, this multi-channel database. Let me remind everyone that right now we 
do not know who shops our stores. We don't know – when we communicate to people we have a vague sense are 
shopping our stores, we don't know if that communication works or doesn't work. We don't know how often our 


customers come in, what they buy with what and so on. So it's like flying blind. And when our database is up and 
running, which we expect to be towards the end of the third quarter, we will begin to collect this information and over 
time we will have robust information. And really the reason for us having this information is that the more we can 
know about our customers, the better job we can do servicing them. So it's not about shoving additional product down 
their throat. It's really about doing a better job understanding their wants and needs, their timing, how they want to be 
communicated with and so on. And because we haven't done this, we don't know what it's going to be worth. My 
hunch, my intuition tells me it's going to be worth quite a bit. 

In terms of the targets that we have, we have quite a bit of variation within our existing store base. So we have stores, if 
I look at Anthropologie, which on a net basis trades at slightly over $800 a foot. We have many stores that trade in 
excess of $2,000 a foot. So I really, much like the direct penetration, I don't want to put a limit on it. Our internal goal 
is to try to take the last 10-year average, comp average, which is six and to try to replicate it over the next 10 years. 
And so if you just take $800 a foot and multiply it times six, 10 years out, you'll get to a number. I hope we can hit that. 
We certainly have a lot of work on our plate to continue to drive comps. 

<Q - Anna Andreeva>: That's perfect. Very helpful. Thanks so much. And best of luck. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Paul Leguez of Credit Suisse. 

<Q - Tracy Kogan>: Thanks. It's Tracy Kogan filling in for Paul. I have question on the IMU. You mentioned 
continued opportunity there and I was just wondering what you were seeing on the product sourcing side. Are you 
seeing any cost pressures in the second half? And are you able to more than offset those by increased volume? Thanks. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. Tracy, what we've said is that it's not going to be as easy this 
year as it was last year. Make no mistake, last year was a buyer's market. And I think at the supply level, we lost a lot 
of supply last year because the demand came down and all of a sudden there's a feeding frenzy and people need 
product. So the balance of supply and demand has shifted and when that happens, prices go up. Now having said that 
we have a terrific organization both here and overseas. And we have terrific partners in our factories. And they 
understand what it is we need to be successful and they're supportive of us. 

So I do think we'll see – I think we'll experience pressure. I don't think the pressure that we expect to experience will be 
quite what some other people experience. Remember, a lot of our product has so much more layer and detail to it that 
it's not as – quite as dependent on the commodity pricing as some other, more basic retailers would be. And I think 
that's our problem. And just like bad weather or good weather or bad economy or good economy, that's our problem. 
And we have to be smart about it. And we're not easing off our factories and we're not easing off ourselves. 

<Q - Tracy Kogan>: Great. Thank you. And best of luck to Ted and John. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Sam Panella of Raymond James. 

<Q - Samantha Panella>: Okay. Thank you. And congratulations on the quarter. I guess just going back to the goal of 
getting to a minimum 20% operating margin, as we think about that, do you need a certain level of e-commerce 
penetration? Or is it a matter of getting beyond some of these investments that you're making? Just some more thoughts 
around that goal. 


<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. No, Sam, I don't think we need anything. I think we hope that 
we will be more profitable this year than we were last. And that goes along with saying that we hope that our profits 
rise greater than our sales. And we, as Eric said, against our internal plans we had a wonderful first quarter. So I – we 
do have a plan, an internal plan to get to 20%. I just don't think it's appropriate for me to share the timing with this 
group. And there are a lot of moving pieces to this. Will higher penetration of e-commerce help? Absolutely. But so 
will a larger business in Europe so that we can leverage the existing infrastructure we have there. So will – we've made 
an investment in Terrain and Leifsdottir. As those businesses get larger and go from making losses to making profits, 
that'll help. So we have – we look at our business as a very layered portfolio. And we have a lot of different levers that 
we can pull to accomplish our objectives. And each business manager is focused on the lever that they control. There's 
really no secrets. I mean it's just business as usual to get to these goals. 

<Q - Samantha Panella>: Great. Thank you. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Barbara Wyckoff of Jesup and Lamont. 

<Q - Barbara Wyckoff>: Hi, everyone. Good job. Glen, could you spell out a little more the timetable for future IT 
initiatives? I know you talked about the universal database collecting starting in third quarter, but what others are in the 
pipeline? And when will they come on board? 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. We're lucky to have Calvin with us today so I'm going to ask 
Calvin to give you some of the detail on that. 

<A - Calvin Hollinger>: Hi, Barb. This is Calvin. So the TRM, as Glen mentioned, is about Q3, so October this year. 
That's the big marketing database. The other big initiative we have is a single SKU. That's getting both our retail and 
our e-commerce back-end systems on a single SKU to get visibility across the enterprise. We are in the final testing 
phases of that. We'd hope to be up in the next two months with Leifsdottir, our first smaller brand, Free People by the 
third quarter, two big brands by the first quarter of next year. What that enables us is to be able to serve the customer 
demand multi-channel, cross-channel. That's a big investment. 

We continue to invest in our sourcing production logistics initiatives. As we mentioned, we are in the process of rolling 
out TradeStone. We have a couple of hundred vendors on TradeStone, which represent about 90% of our own-brand 
vendors. We're seeing some efficiencies on the purchase order side. We plan to roll those out to all vendors towards the 
end – toward the end of this year to get more visibility of the merchandise coming in. We're investing heavily in our 
logistic infrastructure to put more automation into our distribution centers to make sure that we can fulfill both our 
retail and our e-commerce customers more effectively. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Talk about POS. 

<A - Calvin Hollinger>: Point of sale, we are looking at the potential of piloting a handheld mobile device in our 
stores, a couple of stores hopefully by – in time for peak of this year. That's still early. We're just starting that 
development work. Hope it'll change the whole wait for sales to the customers in the stores. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Planning. 

<A - Calvin Hollinger>: Planning, as Glen mentioned, we just rolled out an assortment planning system to both the 
large brands, so we're seeing some impact of that. We're now looking at a new planning allocation system. We've done 
the evaluation. We're summing up by next year we believe. Again, the purpose of that is to get more timely information 
on the allocations, make it a little bit easier to allocate the merchandise out to our stores. I'm probably missing at least 
five initiatives going on. 

<Q - Barbara Wyckoff>: Okay. 


<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: He's busy, Barbara. 

<Q - Barbara Wyckoff>: Thank you. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Edward Yruma of KeyBanc Capital Markets. 

<Q - Edward Yruma>: Hi. Thanks very much for taking my question and congratulations on a great quarter. Can you 
talk about your comfort level with your new store pipeline, particularly given that some of the new developments seem 
to have been halted? As it relates to online, does strong growth in that channel cause you to dampen your enthusiasm 
for your overall store growth prospects? Thank you. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. No, I think with regard to our pipeline, I feel very confident. We 
have terrific internal processes. We have wonderful people working on it. We're in good shape for this year. We're in 
good shape for next year. And it's business as usual there. And in terms of the increasing direct penetration and how 
that may impact the way we think about brick-and-mortar expansion, as I said, I personally believe that there's a major 
advantage to multi-channel distribution. So I think for someone to go to their iPhone or computer and then to be able to 
walk into a store is a very positive thing, particularly when it comes to selling the kind of product that we sell. If we 
were a book retailer or we were a retailer of commodity product, I might feel otherwise. I probably would feel 
otherwise. But I think that there's a wonderful synergy that happens between all of our channels. And I don't see that 
changing any time soon, although we'll certainly keep our ear to the ground. 

<Q - Edward Yruma>: Great. Thank you. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Roxanne Meyer of UBS. 

<Q - Roxanne Meyer>: Great. Thanks. Let me add my congratulations. As one of the best growth retailers in the space 
and with all of the initiatives that you have on your plate, including the new brands, international, direct, I'm just 
wondering how we should think about you're re-investing in the business for the longer term. I know that you 
mentioned that 22% of your 1Q SG&A growth came from some of these investments. But can you help us just look 
farther out and think about how much we should expect you to re-invest? 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: I'm not sure how to answer that question, Roxanne. I think that, that 
may be a bit more detail than we want to provide. I think that good plans and good business management is all about 
maximizing return on investment spending. And that's something that we, I think, are getting increasingly good about. 
When I look at the budgets that we prepared over the last few years and I look at the results that have come out of those 
budgets, I'm very, very proud of the work that the organization has done because I feel that we've spent money wisely. 
And, I mean, we're sitting on three cash machines, Urban Outfitters, Anthropologie and Free People. And I think from 
a business point of view it's very prudent to continue to invest in those businesses. They all have a lot of runway. 
They're all very profitable and there are all investments that we can make in those three businesses to continue to drive 
them. 

I've said in the prepared remarks that we no longer define ourselves as a North American retailer. We define ourselves 
as a global retailer and I think that we have a lot of work to do in that area. I used to in my own mind think that 
international sales could be five, 10, 15, 20, 25% of our business. Who the heck knows? We may find out over time 
that it could be 50% or more of our business. So we have to work to understand that. And we have to make sure that we 


have the right infrastructure from an IT, logistics, talent, legal, et cetera, point of view to ensure our success. And we're 
not going to do that if we don't expect to make money doing it, but if we do expect to make money, we will make those 
investments. 

Same thing with new brands. I mean we don't invest in new brands for the sake of investing in new brands. We invest 
in new brands because we think that there's going to be a return. And I think the most important thing is for us to be 
internally rigorous, transparent, disciplined about measuring where we are against where we thought we were going to 
be. So other than that I don't know what information I can give you. 

<Q - Roxanne Meyer>: Okay. Well thank you very much. I certainly appreciate your insights and approach. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Roxanne. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Laura Champine of Cowen and Company. 

<Q - Laura Champine>: Good morning, guys. My question's directed at Steve, who I know has been with Urban for a 
month and a day now, but any changes that he may make in the brand or strategy that he may emphasize, just given his 
first blush look at the business? 

<A - Steve Murray>: Sure. Yeah. I'm glad you prefixed that with I've been here a month and a day. I'm really in 
observational mode right now. I mean, I think, like any new leader, I'm trying to see what I've inherited here. This is a 
successful business, a very successful business and a very strong brand. And frankly, the runway that it's got and the 
model that I'm inheriting here was one of the biggest incentives for me to up sticks and actually come to Philadelphia. 
But I think it would be inappropriate for me to start articulating new strategies, number one, on a successful business, 
and #2, as early as this. 

I'm clearly looking at the mix of business between Europe and North America. I'm clearly looking at the different 
profiles of the different formats we have at retail, between metro centers and traditional malls and lifestyle malls. I'm 
clearly looking at the brand mix that Christine referenced earlier. And I'm trying to get to know my people. So that's a 
fairly time consuming thing. And with four weeks and one day, I just think I need a little bit more time to answer your 
question intelligently. But come back to me in three or 6 months' time and I'll give you a better answer. 

<Q - Laura Champine>: Will do. Thank you. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Liz Dunn of Thomas Weisel. 

<Q - Liz Dunn>: Hi. Want to add my congratulations as well. My question was actually on fashion. I was wondering 
what this emerging skirt trend that we're seeing, and I'm certainly seeing it in the Urban stores and to a lesser degree in 
Anthropologie. How should we expect to play out from the standpoint of units and AUR? Will it be a positive trade if 
the consumer buys a skirt and a top instead of a dress? 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Liz, you know we don't like to talk about fashion on these phone calls. 
I do go back and watch who listens to these. And we all know that a lot of our competitors listen to these. So I really 
don't want to give that information. What I would say to you is, I'm not worried about the UPTs or the AURs and I 
don't think the group is either. And there is a lot of fashion in our business. I think all of our brands look very good 
right now. And I'll leave it at that. 


Operator 

Our next question comes from Erika Maschmeyer of Robert W. Baird. 

<Q - Erika Maschmeyer>: Thanks. Great quarter. I wanted to ask about your calendar compression progress. Where 
are you at in terms of number of weeks from design to store? And also now I think your starting quarters are something 
like 40% open-to-buys? What do you think is your potential to increase that with TradeStone and your other efforts? 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, Erika, that's a great question but it's a really complex question. 
I'm looking at Barbara Rozsas across the table from me. And I think we have something like 165 calendars in the 
company? 

<A - Barbara Rozsas>: Close to that. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Close to 165 calendars in the company. And what that means is that 
virtually every product category and every brand has at least one of its own categories. And some of the product 
categories, the bigger ones, have multiple calendars. So it's a very, very complex answer. What I would say to you is 
we have taken weeks off of the calendar in total. And if we are properly positioned on fabric in the right kind of 
product, I have seen our group be able to move product within two to 3 weeks. So now that's an if. We need to own the 
fabric. The factory needs to be on board, that we're going to place a follow-up order with them. 

But we were never able to do that a few years ago. What I can tell you is that we are much, much more liquid 90 days 
and beyond than we have ever been. I usually – I look at our open-to-buys every week, but I always look at them the 
morning of an earnings call or the night before an earnings call. And I'm increasingly struck and impressed by how 
liquid we are in the following quarter. So not the quarter that we're in but the quarter beyond that and the quarters 
beyond that. We have much more flexibility than we ever had. I think, Barb, average we've cut six to 8 weeks off the 
calendar? 

<A - Barbara Rozsas>: On average we have. And I think what's important here to understand is that we take our cues 
from the business and the customer. So we're not really articulating a certain goal of calendar compression. We know 
that we need to work closely with our merchants and our designers to ensure that the customer gets what she wants 
when she wants it. So we're not going to state a percentage that we're looking. We're just continuing to look for 
opportunities to optimize our inventories. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: And what Barbara means by that, Erika, when you think about the 
calendar, there are in certain of our brands and certain of the businesses, there is collection product that the brands are 
going to do irrespective of what's happening with the fashion. And those can be on a different calendar than some chase 
product. So if there's a category that becomes hot within a season, then it's our job to chase that product. And that's the 
kind of product that we might get in two to 3 weeks. What Barbara's talking about is we don't want to put the entire 
Company on two to 3 weeks. That would be lunacy. So it's a very, very layered approach. But kudos to Barbara, to the 
merchant team, to the designers and to our factories over seas because they've all worked together as a team to make 
dramatic improvements here. And everybody understands that it's mutually good for everybody if it's right for the 
customer. 

<Q - Erika Maschmeyer>: That's very helpful. Thanks so much. Good luck. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Richard Jaffe of Stifel Nicolaus. 

<Q - Richard Jaffe>: Thanks very much. Glen, if you could just think out loud with us about international growth and 
how you intend to approach some of these new countries. Obviously, Anthropologie in England is still pretty new. The 
European continent beckons. You mentioned Asia. Is your thought process to build stores to get a feel for the market, 


to follow on with Internet? Could the direct-to-consumer business lead the way into the European market, or for that 
matter into Asia? Will you take it step-by-step, brand-by-brand or turn on two or 3 brands at once? If you could think 
out loud about that it'd be very helpful. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. Andrew McLean, who's been with us about a year and a half, 
has helped us really tremendously and he's been living in Europe now for even nine months. And he has done a lot of 
wonderful research work in terms of helping us understand size of markets, logistical and legal complexities, ability to 
make money in market and so on. And as I said in prior earnings calls, 70% of the – the size of business in Europe is 
actually about 10% larger than the size of the business in North America. 70% of that opportunity is in five markets, 
the U.K., France, Spain, Italy and Germany. And I think we have an opportunity to be strategic about that 70%. What 
we're doing, Richard, is really doing a very thorough due diligence in each market. And I think we'll have a kind of a 
market-by-market approach as opposed to the opportunistic approach, which has probably characterized our first ten or 
12 years in Europe. Your question about using the direct-to-consumer as a guide, absolutely, Calvin, we'll have Merkle 

– we'll have the database in Europe in about 18 months? 
<A - Barbara Rozsas>: I would say so. Yeah. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: About 18 months. So I think once we have the database there, also in 
terms of the single SKU that Calvin talked about, once we have the single SKU in Europe so we share a product SKU 
between North America and Europe, we'll be able to do an even better job with that. But I think we'll – we will use 
analytic tools for real estate in Europe, just like we use here. We'll use the direct-to-consumer database like we use here 
and we'll use research like we use here. And I think that we have moved slower in Europe, Richard, than we've moved 
in North America but we have enough signs in the business in both of our brands to be pretty confident moving 
forward. We are also starting to ship Free People. We opened up El Corte. We have plans to open up several other 
accounts in Europe and so all three brands will be in Europe. 

With regard to the Far East and other parts of the world, we'll approach it the same way we did with Europe. We're in 
the process now of due diligence. We're looking at real estate, speaking to potential leaders. We'll likely go with one 
brand first but I think we would follow with a second brand pretty quickly. 

<Q - Richard Jaffe>: Any launch date for the pound-denominated Web site and then the euro-denominated Web site? 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: The – we are live now with pound and euro-denominated Web sites in 
both of our major brands. That was – when I said that – Urban's been live, Ted, with the EU Web site for how many 
months? 

<A - Tedford Marlow>: A little over six. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: So a little over six in pounds. And euros? 

<A - Tedford Marlow>: Pounds, it's almost six. Euros, about a year and a half. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: So Europe about a year and a half ago. And Anthropologie went live 
this past quarter. 

<Q - Richard Jaffe>: For euros as well? 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Yes. And both sites are doing very well. 

<Q - Richard Jaffe>: That's great. Thanks a lot. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Robin Murchison of SunTrust. 


<Q - Robin Murchison>: Thank you and good morning. A piggy back just for a second back to the concept-to-market 
discussion and, Glen, if you can remind us where you are right now in terms of air versus boat freight and where you 
want to go. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, Robin. That's not something that we usually publicize. I'd just 
say that we, as a company, historically have aired more than we've boated. And I think we have to look at that. Thus far 
it's served us well, but we'll continue to look at that. Those extra ten or 12 days we believe are worth it. But back to 
what I said before about transparency, discipline, constant measurement, and it goes to air freighting and boating just 
like it goes to anything else we do. 

<Q - Robin Murchison>: Thank you, Glen. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Howard Tubin of RBC Capital Markets. 

<Q - Howard Tubin>: Oh thanks. Glen, how do you feel about inventory levels currently? And should we expect them 
to be kind of flattish to up slightly for the rest of the year? 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Howard, I feel the group has done an exceptional job with inventory. I 

– personally I think that we can continue to reduce weeks of supply on a very, very moderate basis over the next few 
years. The better our planning systems get, the better our allocation systems get, the more we compress the calendars, 
the more we can cut weeks of supply. I don't want anything drastic. I want the merchants to do what they think is right, 
and that's what they're doing. They've done a good job. We don't plan – as you know, we don't plan numbers. We plan 
weeks of supply. We are planning a weeks-of-supply improvement this year versus last. But it's evolutionary not 
revolutionary. 
<A - Eric Artz>: Howard, just for your information, since we changed the way we're reporting comps, last night we 
also posted to our Web site the inventory comp information as well, which includes both of the stores impacted, if that 
helps you as well. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: So we were actually down for the retail – for the store component only, 
we were down a couple of percent and we feel comfortable with that. On a combined basis, including our 
direct-to-consumer business, we were up 3%. 

<Q - Howard Tubin>: Got it. Great. Thanks. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Jeff Black of Barclay's Capital. 

<Q - Jeff Black>: Hi. Thanks. So on the Wholesale business, the more favorable specialty store read indicate are 
opening up or re-opening some accounts. And do we get a sense that department stores can catch up? They seem to be 
lagging here. Are there reasons for that? Thanks. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. Jeff, that's a great question. I think that we are seeing the 
Specialty Store business get stronger and I think we're very pleased with our department store business. We have some 

– personally I think we have some re-focusing to do with some of our department store accounts but our Retail business 
within the department stores is excellent and I think, as I said on the prepared comments, the fact that our outlet 
business was significantly down is just a very positive thing. I mean Free People had a very good quarter and I think it's 

positioned to have a good year. 

<Q - Jeffrey Black>: Great. Thanks. Good luck. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Janet Kloppenburg of JJK Research. 

<Q - Janet Kloppenburg>: Hi, everybody. I first want to thank John and Ted for working so tirelessly with me over 
the last several years and helping me understand the business so much. Thanks so much, you guys. You'll be missed. 
And second congratulate you on a great quarter. And, Eric, I wanted to also ask you to just delve into the SG&A a bit. 
Up 22 with sales up 25. I'm just wondering if the incentive comp increase was an unusual one, given that you may have 
had some catch-up from last year when it might have been light, or if the investments in the new businesses, Leifs, 
weddings, Direct, international, et cetera, may have been increased because of the strength in the business. I note you 
don't give guidance so it's up to us to model it out. And so I just need a little bit more help here. Thanks so much. 

<A - Eric Artz>: The incentive comp impact on the first quarter was not a catch-up. It's purely the performance of our 
business relative to our internal plans. Comparatively to the first quarter of last year, if we go back to that time, right, 
our view was more skeptical at the time and the accruals were lighter. So it's a comparative issue that we face that 
corrects as we go throughout the year, meaning last year we added to our accruals from Q2 to Q4. 

<Q - Janet Kloppenburg>: So in other words it may not be as big a discrepancy or comparison as it was in Q1 '10 to 
Q1 '09? 

<A - Eric Artz>: Correct. The balance of your comparisons are easier. Could you repeat the second half of your 
question? 

<Q - Janet Kloppenburg>: Well just that we'd like to measure how much that catch-up was or that comparison was on 
that incentive comp because it's seems that the rest of the investment in growth of the business which of course will 
continue. So if we don't have guidance on what level of SG&A to expect for the rest of the year, it's up to us to model 
it. So should we expect SG&A to grow in line with top-line growth? Or should we expect there to be about the same 
level of leverage, 55 basis points? Or could it increase if comps were to stay at these levels? 

<A - Eric Artz>: Our SG&A growth is not going to outpace our sales growth. And I do think that the increase that 
we're seeing here because of some of these comparative issues will come down over time. So I do see the growth in the 
first quarter being higher than the balance of the year. 

<Q - Janet Kloppenburg>: Great. That helps a lot. Thanks so much. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Dana Telsey of Telsey Advisory Group. 

<Q - Dana Telsey>: Good afternoon, everyone and congratulations on a great quarter. And, Ted and John, both best of 
luck in the future. Very much enjoyed working with you. Glen, as I think about this call today and obviously the 
existing growth of the current business and the initiatives and the investment spending that's being made for the future 
growth of the business, how do you look at the guideposts of the future growth initiatives to say, we're on track? What 
should we be watching for as we go through the rest of this year, next year, to say, this is coming to fruition? Thank 
you. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Dana, it's a great question. We have a one-year plan, a 3-year plan. 
And we actually have a 10-year plan. We're not going to share those with you. But what I would say is we're on track if 


we continue to grow profit faster than sales and if we continue to achieve our 20% plus target in top-line revenue 
growth. So I mean, it's really – it's as simple as that. And I don't know how else to say it. Eric, do you want to add 
anything? 

<A - Eric Artz>: I'm good. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. 

<Q - Dana Telsey>: Thank you. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Stacy Pak of SP Research. 

<Q - Stacy Pak>: Thanks. Glen, I was hoping you could talk a little bit about what you're seeing from your U.S. versus 
European versus tourist customer, what you're learning in the Anthropologie London stores. And I think you mentioned 
that California or West Coast was the strongest for Anthropologie. Why would that be? Is that just sort of the 
continuation of good acceptance on the coast? Or is there something going on there? And then, lastly, there was a 
slowdown in overall retail in April. Are you feeling that was weather? Do you think it's economy? I just wanted to get a 
bigger picture on your sense of the customer and the economy and a bigger, global picture. Thanks. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. So that sounds like two questions. But I'll try to answer that I 
think I heard. The first one is, what's the difference between geographic regions, both within North America and the 
world at large? And as Steve said and Eric and Ted have certainly spoken to this earlier, there is a good bit of 
difference between the assortment in Urban Europe and Urban North America. Having said that, the two geographies 
perform relatively evenly. Within Anthropologie, there's a large amount of overlap between Europe and America, and 
those two businesses also performed evenly. 

In terms of the geographic differences, I question whether or not we should even report them because I think that 
they're kind of irrelevant. It reads one way in Urban one quarter, another way in Anthropologie one quarter. And 
generally speaking, the differences aren't that significant. If there's extreme weather in the country, sometimes it'll 
impact that. If there's extreme geographic economic issues, it may highlight that. But right now I don't think there's 
anything to read into any of the geographic data. And by and large, other than the natural differences relating to 
weather and fashion differences, the business is pretty consistent. 

With regard to our – the flow of business from month to month, as I said, March was strongest for us but on a two year 
basis, April was actually strongest for us. I continue to say that I do not believe we are out of the woods. I am not 
optimistic about the nature of the economy. I think that there are many positive signs, but I think this is going to be a 
slow and lengthy recovery. We are not overly confident about our business. I think we're doing a good job, I think, 
we're doing a great job creatively. I think we're offering the customer great value. I think we're executing beautifully. 
And I think we're getting market share. But as I said earlier, it's not easy. And I see a lot of our peer group quite 
promotional. I was concerned by some of the April numbers that I read myself. But that's them. Our business, we had a 
great quarter and it was – April was our best month on a 2-year basis. And you'll learn about the next quarter in the next 
earnings call. 

<Q - Stacy Pak>: Okay. Thanks, Glen. Good luck. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Marni Shapiro of The Retail Tracker. 


<Q - Marni Shapiro>: Thanks, guys. Congratulations. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Marni. 

<Q - Marni Shapiro>: I've been on so long, I have two things in my shopping cart right now. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Marni, that for you is light. I'm worried. 

<Q - Marni Shapiro>: I know, exactly. I actually after all this time do have a question. Congratulations to John and 
Ted, by the way, good luck in your retirement. My question is about the home business. And I don't expect you to give 
out details, but if you can give some update on the home business of the two brands. And could you talk about the 
home business internationally? And I've noticed online you have extended assortments including a pretty outstanding 
assortment at Anthropologie online, including some artwork and things like that. So just any kind of color you can offer 
there in thinking about that area. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Well the home business in both brands was positive. Both brands have 
done an excellent job. I think the assortments look great in both brands. Anthropologie definitely has a concerted effort 
to expand its home business online. That's a great example of a business that doesn't need to be constrained by the brick 
and mortar, and they've done a good job with that. And internationally, much like what I said with Stacy, the business 
is pretty consistent internationally versus domestically. So we feel very comfortable with where our home business is 
right now. 

<Q - Marni Shapiro>: Great. That's great, guys. Congratulations and good luck with summer. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Marni. Keep shopping. 

<Q - Marni Shapiro>: I will. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Jennifer Black of Jennifer Black & Associates. 

<Q - Jennifer Black>: Let me also add my congratulations. I just have a quick one. Most of my question have been 
answered. I wondered if you could give us the timing for Leifsdottir's line extensions. I think you said handbags and 
accessories and I wondered if you were considering any other categories. Thanks. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Yes. Jennifer, we'll actually start with shoes first and they will be 
shown in the fall and they will ship for spring. And handbags will follow after shoes. There will likely be other 
categories of merchandise but we're not prepared to discuss those yet. We are planning – we did launch our Web site in 
the first quarter. We are planning on opening our first store in the first half of next year. 

<Q - Jennifer Black>: Fantastic. Good luck and thanks. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from David Weiner of Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - Dave Weiner>: Great. Yeah, thanks. And good afternoon. So I was – most of my questions have been answered. 
But I guess I was hoping you could give some further color on the foreign business and the European business, and 
specifically your strategy on product pricing. Obviously you're not going to give specifics but any color you can give 
on product pricing, both on the Internet and in the stores, particularly given the potential pressure we're seeing – we are 
seeing and continue to see on the euro? Thank you. 


<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, David. It's the same way we do everything. It's customer driven. 
So we don't have a formula. We look at our competitive set wherever we trade. We look at the product we sell, what 
our competitors are selling. We kind of do a supply-and-demand analysis and we come up with a price. Sometimes the 
prices are equal. Sometimes they're double. But it's not formulaic. We do have to be mindful of the fact that customers 
toggle back and forth between .com and the .eu Web sites and you can't abuse customers. But other than that they 
understand that one set of prices have that, one set doesn't. Logistically there's a different cost of getting goods to one 
place of the world than another, but it has to be within reason. 

<Q - Dave Weiner>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks. 

Operator 

I'm not showing any further questions at this time. Would you like to continue with any further remarks? 

Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer 

No, Patty. Thanks so much for doing a great job. And, everyone, thanks for the wonderful questions and we'll talk to 
you in a few months. 

Operator 

Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes the program. You 
may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2010, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


