Q2 2011 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer 
• Oona McCullough, Director of Investor Relations 
• Eric Artz, Chief Financial Officer 
• Stephen Murray 
Other Participants 

• Lorraine Hutchinson 
• Christine Chen 
• Dana Telsey 
• Betty Chen 
• Amy Noblin 
• Michelle Tan 
• Brian Tunick 
• Janet Kloppenburg 
• Richard Jaffe 
• Erika Maschmeyer 
• Sharon Zackfia 
• Roxanne Meyer 
• Laura Champine 
• Neely Tamminga 
• Marni Shapiro 
• Robin Murchison 
• Stacy Pak 
• Howard Tubin 
• Elizabeth Pierce 
• Samantha Panella 
• Margaret Whitfield 
• Brian Delaney 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Urban Outfitters, Incorporated Second Quarter Fiscal 2011 
Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. 

The following discussions may include forward-looking statements. Please note that actual results may differ materially 
from those statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially 
from projected results is contained in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Glen Senk, CEO. Sir, you may begin. 


Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer 

Good afternoon, and welcome to the URBN quarterly conference call. Before I begin today, I'd like to introduce Oona 
McCullough, the company's newly appointed Director of Investor Relations. I'll ask Oona to take a brief moment to 
share her objectives and review some of the changes we've made to our investor communications policies since she has 
joined the team. 

Oona McCullough, Director of Investor Relations 

Thank you, Glen. URBN is a company that I have long admired, as a consumer equity research analyst at Blackrock 
and especially as a customer. Our investor relations objective is simple, to provide clear, comprehensive, timely and 
insightful communication between the guidelines of the regulatory framework. To that end, we've made the following 
changes. 

For the first through third quarters, we will report sales and earnings simultaneously on the third Monday following 
quarter's end. We will continue our tradition of reporting holiday sales in early January and will report fourth-quarter 
sales and year-end earnings on the first Monday in March. 

Our sales and earnings release along with a detailed management commentary will be posted to our corporate website 
www.urbanoutfittersinc.com at 4 p.m. Eastern Time on the day of our release. The management commentary will 
address many of your housekeeping questions, so that during the earnings call, you may focus your attention or more 
strategic issues. 

Our earnings call will take place at 5 p.m. Eastern Standard Time on the day of the release. We will begin to report 
sales at a brand and channel level and will post historical comparisons on our corporate website for your reference. The 
earnings call will close sharply at the end of the hour, so our one question rule will be strictly adhered to. In the event 
you have additional questions, feel free to follow up with me after the call. 

Finally, as usual, the text of the conference call will be posted on the corporate website immediately following the call. 
I've had the good fortune to meet many of you over the last several weeks and I'd like to thank you for the warm 
reception and for your feedback in crafting these new policies. 

I'll now turn the call back over to Glen. 

Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Oona. Also joining our call today is Eric Artz, Chief Financial Officer, and the majority of our executive 
management team. Earlier this afternoon the company issued a press release outlining the financial and operating 
results for the three and six month periods ending July 31, 2010. We were truly delighted to announce a series of 
record-breaking results for the quarter. And I will ask Eric to review the details of our performance. After that I will 
finish the prepared commentary with closing remarks. Then the group and I will be pleased to answer any questions 
you may have. 

Eric Artz, Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you, Glen. The following summarizes our second quarter fiscal 2011 performance versus the comparable quarter 
last year. Net sales increased 20% to $552 million. Income from operations grew 35% to $107 million resulting in an 
operating margin of 19.4%. Net income increased 46% to $72 million or $0.42 per diluted share. Comparable retail 
segment sales which include our direct-to-consumer channel rose 11% with increases of 13%, 24% and 9% at 
Anthropologie, Free People and Urban Outfitters respectively. Total company comparable store sales increased 7%. 


Direct-to-consumer sales rose 36% with all three brands posting double-digit increases. Wholesale revenues increased 
16% to $30 million. Gross profit margins improved 173 basis points driven by a lower rate of markdowns to clear 
seasonal inventories, leveraging our store occupancy expenses due to increases in comparable store sales and 
improvements in initial merchandise margins. 

Selling, general and administrative expense expressed as a percentage of sales declined 52 basis points to 23.2%. 
Comparable retail segment inventories which include our direct-to-consumer channel were 3% higher at quarter's end. 
Finally, cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities grew by $165 million on a year-over-year basis to $749 
million. 

I'll now provide more detail on each of our key business metrics for the quarter starting with sales. New and 
non-comparable store sales contributed $46 million. The company opened seven new stores in the quarter, three 
Anthropologie stores, one Free People store and three Urban Outfitters stores, bringing the global store count to 342. 
We expect to open approximately 45 new stores during the fiscal 2011. 

Within the quarter, total company comparable store sales were positive each month but strongest in June followed by 
July. On a two-year basis, total company comparable store sales in the second quarter were consistent with the first 
quarter and strongest in July. 

By region, sales at Anthropologie and Urban Outfitters were positive in all locations with Anthropologie strongest in 
the West and Urban Outfitters strongest in the south. By store venue, sales at Anthropologie and Urban Outfitters were 
strongest in the malls, likely driven by the summer season's record heat. 

For stores, transaction counts increased 6%, units per transaction increased 1% and average unit selling prices were flat. 
Direct-to-consumer revenue increased 36% to $97 million. The penetration of direct-to-consumer sales to net sales as a 
whole increased more than two percentage points to 17.5%, with results largely driven by a 28% increase in website 
traffic to nearly 25 million visits. 

For retail segment sales, women's apparel drove the strongest absolute comparable increases across all brands. 
Wholesale segment sales for the quarter increased 16% to $30 million, driven by a 14% increase at Free People and a 
38% increase at Leifsdottir. 

I'd now like to turn your attention to gross margin, operating expenses and income. Gross margins for the quarter 
improved 173 basis points to 42.5%, driven by a reduction in merchandise markdowns to clear seasonal product, a 
lower rate of occupancy expense and improvements in initial margins. With the initial margin gain, it is important to 
note that comparisons were favorable to both the prior year's quarter and the first quarter of this year. The company 
managed inventory well throughout the quarter with comparable retail segment inventories, which include our 
direct-to-consumer channel, just 3% higher at quarter's end. 

Total selling, general and administrative expenses for the quarter as a percentage of sales declined 52 basis points to 
23.2%, driven by the control and leveraging of direct store expenses. The company's effective tax rate was 33.3% for 
the quarter versus 38.3% for the prior comparable quarter. The improved tax rate is primarily due to the favorable 
impact of foreign operations as well as a one-time federal rehabilitation credit earned during the quarter related to our 
newest building at the company's headquarters in the Philadelphia Navy Yard. This one-time federal rehabilitation 
credit resulted in a $0.01 favorable impact on earnings per share for the quarter. 

The company generated an impressive 19.4% operating margin, earning its second quarter record of $107 million in 
income from operations, an increase of 35% versus the same quarter last year. The company also achieved its highest 
ever net income for the second quarter, $72 million, an increase of 46% from the prior year with earnings per diluted 
share of $0.42. 

Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities grew year-over-year by $165 million to $749 million at quarter's end, 
but declined by $24 million compared to the end of the first quarter of this year. The company repurchased and retired 
2 million common shares for $68 million during the quarter, leaving 4.8 million shares remaining on the current 
authorization to buy up to a total of 8 million shares. 


I'd now like to turn the call back over to Glen. 

Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Eric. First and foremost, I'd like to express my gratitude to the entire URBN team for an exceptional 
quarter. Virtually every brand, every channel, every region and every shared service group delivered superior results. I 
have said that I believe challenging times have the potential to generate renewal and strength including heightened 
discipline and greater creativity. 

I believe our second quarter results illustrate the efficacy of our vision, operating model and strategies. And most 
importantly, I believe they illustrate the excellence of our team. When we discussed the economic environment during 
our last call, I remarked that we didn't see much change from the second half of 2009 into the first quarter of 2010. And 
I attributed our results to the execution as opposed to any secular changes with the consumer. 

While there is considerably more stability than in the fall of 2008, we believe we're facing a slow and lengthy recovery 
that will be punctuated by periods of uncertainty and inconsistency. Thus we are focused on executing our business as 
nimbly as we have over the last several quarters with an emphasis on sound inventory and expense management. 

What's relatively constant however are the changes we've seen in our customer. Her view of luxury and value has 
changed profoundly in the new normal and thanks to new media, her level of awareness is heightened and moves at 
warp speed. In our world, this means the customer is looking for authenticity, scarcity and freshness. In other words, 
she continues to respond to truly compelling, differentiated product. We continue to see minimal evidence of price 
elasticity, but maximum evidence of newness elasticity. Put simply, the customer is more discriminating than ever. 

I know the subject of sourcing is top of mind for many of you. We believe the environment has become more 
challenging as the balance of supply and demand has shifted throughout the year and as the manufacturing landscape 
has changed in China. Our organization anticipated these changes and made appropriate adjustments to our sourcing 
strategies. So while there's certainly pressure on the rate of our initial margin improvement, we believe there's 
continued opportunity to improve costs, especially over the long term. 

Before we finish with our prepared remarks, I'd like to remind you of our four key growth initiatives, driving 
brick-and-mortar productivity, increasing our e-commerce penetration, accelerating international expansion and adding 
new brands to the URBN portfolio. It's satisfying to achieve record sales and earnings, but to do so while making 
substantial investments in our long-term growth strategies is even more gratifying. 

Since we've spent a considerable amount of time talking about the detail behind each initiative, I'll just provide some 
highlights today. We're on track with a myriad of systems implementations including TradeStone, Sterling and Merkle. 
We're driving continued gains in e-commerce penetration through the successful execution of a variety of strategies. 
We are laying the groundwork for a more aggressive European expansion through investment in talent, systems and 
logistics. We are laying the groundwork for 2012 entry into Tokyo and, of course, we're continuing to invest in and 
shape our new brands, Terrain, Leifsdottir and our wedding concept. 

Many of you have asked me how the company manages the breadth and complexity of our business and how we 
protects our core while pursuing a multitude of growth initiatives. I've have responded by saying that our company has 
thrived over the years with an organizational design and culture that engenders entrepreneurship and ownership. 

Our overarching financial goals haven't changed in the nearly 17 years we've been public and our team has always 
collaboratively established the company vision, objective and strategies. As we have grown larger, we've developed 
more formalized means of internal communication and measurement, but as always the initiatives are managed by a 
broad spectrum of talented leaders throughout the organization. 

I'd like to once again thank those leaders in the rest of the URBN team for a truly outstanding quarter, and thank our 
shareholders for their continued support. 


I will now open the call to questions and, as is our custom, I ask each of you to limit yourself to one question. Thank 
you. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Lorraine Hutchinson of Merrill Lynch. 

<Q - Lorraine Hutchinson>: Thank you, good afternoon. Glen, you had spoken about the consumers still being very 
price sensitive and then also your costs going up, can you just talk about your outlook for the next couple of seasons, do 
you think you'll be able to raise prices there, do you have enough left to do within the sourcing structure to be able to 
offset some of those pressure, and I guess how should we think about gross margin going forward? 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Lorraine, I think I actually said that the customer has not shown price 
sensitivity. In fact, you heard Eric in our prepared comments say that our AUR was flat for the quarter and in fact has 
been flat for the year to date. So, what I said was there is – I coined this new term called newness sensitivity or newness 
elasticity, but we're not seeing price elasticity. This is something that I have said repeatedly over the last several 
quarters. 

When we first faced the economic tsunami of the second half of 2008, we created an assortment that was very tiered 
with price points and our customers voted to keep the prices flat on a year-in year-out basis. So it's not that we didn't 
offer lower price points, as that's not wherever our customers went. 

With regard to costs, as I said in my prepared comments, it's certainly more difficult than it was a year ago. There is a 
reduction in supply, there is more demand in the reduction in supply quite simply certain factories went out of business 
a year ago when the demand got reduced to so much. So it is more demand less supply and there's certainly changes 
going on in China. But as I said in our prepared comments, Barbara Rozsas, our head of sourcing, and her group 
anticipated these changes and they began to put strategies in place as early in the middle of last year -- things like dual 
sourcing, changes in the way we make product, changes in the way we ship product and so on. So while the IMU 
improvements I would say are more challenging, we expect to see continued opportunities in cost of goods. 

<Q - Lorraine Hutchinson>: Thank you. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Christine Chen of Needham & Company. 

<Q - Christine Chen>: Thank you. Congratulations on a great quarter. I wanted to ask, Anthro has been open for a 
little while now in Europe, what are some of the learning is that you've seen from a price point perspective, from a 
competitive perspective and from a customer demographic perspective and how is it different than the Urban business 
in terms of consumer shopping patterns there? Thank you. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. Thanks, Christine. The learning there is that it's very consistent 
with the business in America. At Anthropologie we have about 80% common assortment between the two businesses 
and certainly the selling within a style might be different. But the overall nature of the business is very very similar. 
Urban, as you recall, was set up very very differently, there is an independent buying team in Europe. So the crossover 
between Urban North America and Urban Europe is far smaller than it is at Anthropologie. But with regard to fashion, 
with regard to price mix, with regard to competitive set, I would say largely it's even. And the differences between 
what's going on in the Anthropologie New York City and at Anthropologie London are probably less than the 
differences that are going on between Anthropologie Alabama or Chicago and Anthropologie New York. 


<Q - Christine Chen>: Great. Thank you. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Dana Telsey of Telsey Advisory Group. 

<Q - Dana Telsey>: Good afternoon. Can you talk a little bit about what you're seeing in terms of consumer spending 
patterns by channel and by brand? Have they differed this quarter versus last quarter? And as I walk through your 
stores, as we're on shopping tours around the country, one of those things I'm noticing at Anthropologie in particular 
seems like a sharper focus on particular styles. I feel as if the inventory is selling through very cleanly. Is there any 
change in process or product flow? Thank you. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, thanks, Dana. To answer your question, we're not really seeing 
any difference in the consumer. And we've said that the last quarter, in the last quarterly call and I know that I had a lot 
of follow-up after the last call, because there was I think a moment of euphoria and we were pretty conservative on the 
last call. And I would say, we're as conservative today as we were three months ago. 

As I said in my prepared remarks, there is uncertainty and there is inconsistency and the way we're dealing with that is 
by working to be creatively better everyday and by being very disciplined with regard to inventory and expenses. I'm 
thrilled with our inventory, comps up 3 on 11 total direct-to-consumer comp and sales number. Dana, so that's basically 
I am not bullish about the second half of the year. We have our ear to the ground, we pay close attention to the tells in 
the business on a day-in day-out basis. And I really don't expect anything significantly different in the second half. 

<Q - Dana Telsey>: Thank you. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Betty Chen of Wedbush. 

<Q - Betty Chen>: Thank you, good afternoon. I was wondering, Glen or Eric, if you can speak a little bit more about 
your inventory thinking going to the second half of this year. As you mentioned, it was a very clean coming out of the 
quarter, you're still managing the business very conservatively. How should we think about inventory maybe coming 
out of Q3 or more importantly coming out of Q4? And any variances by concept, please. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: I'll give that one to Eric to speak to. 

<A - Eric Artz, Chief Financial Officer>: I think overall, our inventories as you noted have been clean coming in and 
out of the recent quarters and we would expect that to continue. The ageings relative to each of our businesses continue 
to be positive. And as Glen mentioned, we're not overly bullish relative to the second half of the year. We've always 
planned two weeks of supply and we enter the quarter with some ability to continue to chase product as well. So, I 
would say that we feel good about the quality of our inventories just as we did as we started this past quarter. 

<Q - Betty Chen>: And, Eric, any differences by concept? 

<A - Eric Artz, Chief Financial Officer>: No. We're seeing similar control and similar results out of all the brands 
really. So, no differences worth noting really. 

<Q - Betty Chen>: Great, thank you. And best of luck. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 


Operator 

Our next question comes from Amy Noblin of Weeden & Co. 

<Q - Amy Noblin>: Thanks. And congratulations on the continued great performance. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

<Q - Amy Noblin>: Glen, you've been early adopters and pretty vocal proponents of technology as it relates to things 
like social networking and its influence on shopping patterns. I'm curious if you guys have given any thought to the 
emerging trend of crowd-sourcing and its applicability to your business? 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: I think it's a great – I think crowd-sourcing is a great trend. I think the 
whole concept behind social media is that you have essentially given control for communications over to your 
customer. So as I said in earlier calls, it's not about broadcasting a message any more, it's really about having a 
discussion with the customer or even going further than that, allowing the customer to have a discussion with other 
customers. And crowd-sourcing is just another extension of that. We have a lot of admiration for the people who've 
used it effectively and it's something that we look at on a regular basis. 

<Q - Amy Noblin>: Thanks. And good luck for the second half. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Michelle Tan of Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - Michelle Tan>: Hey, thanks guys. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Hi, Michelle. 

<Q - Michelle Tan>: Hi. On the direct-to-consumer growth, I mean the gains in traffic, the gains in total sales continue 
to be very impressive. Is there any color you can give us on what's driving the traffic gains and then possibly what the 
growth looks like by brand? 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. We won't go into any more detail at the brand level than we did 
in our management commentary, which is online now. With regard to what's driving the traffic, it really are the 
strategies that we detailed in the last several earnings calls. So everything from the assortment, the way the site works 
itself, social media, we're beginning to employ mobile technology. Our ability to get it to the customer faster and for 
less money. So it's a variety, I mean there are dozens of strategies that the brands are implementing, some brands are 
better in some area, some brands are better in other areas. But across-the-board, the direct-to-consumer group has just 
done a knockout job. 

<Q - Michelle Tan>: Yeah, it's phenomenal. Can you say directionally whether kind of the fastest-growing brands 
remain the fastest-growing brands and from...? 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: That sounds like a second question. So I'll cast that off to Oona to deal 
with off the call. 

<Q - Michelle Tan>: All right. Great. Thanks guys. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Brian Tunick of JPMorgan. 


<Q - Brian Tunick>: Hi. Thanks and congrats as well. I guess, you framed out, I think a 20% plus margin target at 
some point and we were just wondering how we should think about maybe a sales leverage point on expenses or 
occupancy, either in the second half or really going into next year, given the different investments you're making in 
new concepts and countries, what's happening to your sales leverage point? 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Brian, I'll ask Eric to take that. 

<A - Eric Artz, Chief Financial Officer>: Brian, on the occupancy side, we've historically been able to leverage or 
begin leveraging at a positive one to 2% comp, and we've talked about in the past leveraging maybe 10 to 12 basis 
points for every point of additional comp beyond that. That still holds true. I think for the long-term, however the one 
piece I would want to highlight relative to the balance of this year is that we're looking at opening 29 stores, new stores 
in the second half, which is an increase of 11 stores over what we did the prior year. So, when you think about the 
longer-term implications of occupancy, I think you have to be mindful of the fact that we're going to see some 
pre-opening costs affect us and specifically in the third quarter on the occupancy line. 

When we talk about SG&A, I would think we always begin this conversation reminding everyone that our – one of our 
guiding financial objectives is to grow profits faster than sales. So, we're very pleased with the fact that we've leveraged 
our SG&A line in both the first quarter the second quarter. And I think long-term again; it would be our focus to 
continue to leverage SG&A. 

Here, there is another highlight here as well for you, which would be some of the second half things that are occurring. 
We put it in our management commentary that we've committed to a distribution – excuse me, a distribution and 
fulfillment center in Europe. We're making some additional investments in our international infrastructure especially as 
we start to look to Asia; we also talked about our new Navy building here, Navy Yard building for Free People. So, a 
combination of those things again, while our long-term goal remains to leverage the SG&A line I think in the near term 
and specifically the second half. we're going to face some slightly more difficult comparisons relative to those items. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Janet Kloppenburg of JJK Research. 

<A - Eric Artz, Chief Financial Officer>: Hi, Janet. 

<Q - Janet Kloppenburg>: Yes, can you hear me? 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Oh, we can hear you now. 

<Q - Janet Kloppenburg>: I'll say good afternoon. Congratulations. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

<Q - Janet Kloppenburg>: Just a follow-up on that point then, Eric, are you inferring then that the leverage point may 
be higher for the second half of the year on SG&A and/or is there a possibility of de-leverage of expense? Thanks. 

<A - Eric Artz, Chief Financial Officer>: We still expect to leverage SG&A in the second half of this year, but I 
would say we're in the 40 to 50% -- or 40 to 50 basis points leverage range between Q1 and Q2. I would expect the 
impact of the items that I cited to affect our business in the 20 to 30 basis point range. So still leverage, but slight 
leverage. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: I mean, I was looking at our 10-year history and our 10--year CAGR 
on sales is 21.4% and our 10-year CAGR on earnings is 24.6%. So we've done a good job of consistently driving our 
income faster than our sales. But as we've said repeatedly on earlier calls, we are not in a rush, we're not in a race to get 
to that 20% number. We are very very serious about making long-term investments to support our long-term growth 
objectives. And we're calculating about it, we're controlled about it, but we're serious about it. 


Operator 

Our next question comes from Richard Jaffe of Stifel Nicolaus. 

<Q - Richard Jaffe>: Thanks very much. Glen, if you could talk sort of globally for a second, Tokyo is being – is 
obviously on the horizon. Other countries. other places your interest in filling in existing markets particularly the 
European market. If you could add some more color to that, that would be great? 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, Richard, and I'm thrilled we got the name of your company right 
again. 

<Q - Richard Jaffe>: Thanks. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: The UK has been terrific for us. As you know, Urban opened its first – 
Urban Outfitters opened its first store in Germany and Germany has been very good for Urban Outfitters. So within the 
continent, we're going to the – the plan is to really focus primarily on the UK and Germany over the next 12 to 18 
months. And then we'll likely start in France. 

As we've said in our prepared remarks, we're looking at the -- Tokyo for 2012. It's likely that Anthropologie will go 
first, but that's not definitive at this point. Other than the UK, the continent and Japan, we're certainly looking at other 
markets right now. Someone might be able to help me, I think we ship to over 50 markets internationally with our 
e-commerce. But in terms of brick-and-mortar retail, that's where we focus for the next several years. 

<Q - Richard Jaffe>: And both brands sort of equally? 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: I think that obviously Urban has gotten a head start in Europe and we'll 
grow Anthropologie more quickly in the early years than Urban grew, because we have the infrastructure now. I think 
that in the Far East, they'll ultimately be equal. My gut tells me that Anthropologie may have a larger business in Japan 
and Urban may have a larger business in other Asia-Pacific communities. But it's really too early to say that 
definitively. 

<Q - Richard Jaffe>: Great. Thank you. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Erika Maschmeyer of Robert W. Baird. 

<Q - Erika Maschmeyer>: Hi, thank you. Good afternoon. If you -- following on the international topic, could you 
just give some additional color on the investments that you're making, the financial impact and also talk about what 
your store growth could look like next year and how much of that could be from Europe? 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, I'll ask Eric. I'll ask Eric to address the question, I don't know 
how much detail he'll give you, but let's see. 

<Q - Erika Maschmeyer>: Great. 

<A - Eric Artz, Chief Financial Officer>: Well, on the international investment front, you know the European DC 
and the investment in some additional due diligence in Europe and Asia and some systems related to that as well, I 
would say, would be in the 20 to 30 basis point impact relative to the second half of this year. 

As we look to next year, our plans aren't finalized, so, I would expect that from a distribution perspective as we 
transition next year out of our third-party arrangement and into this new DC, we will not see benefit. We will likely see 
some pressure, but I don't want to say at this point, because I don't definitively know whether that really means that we 
would de-leverage our international P&L. 


<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: I think in store count, Erika, we're looking probably not less than five, 
not more than eight next year between the two brands in Europe. 

<Q - Erika Maschmeyer>: Great. Thanks so much. Best of luck. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Sharon Zackfia of William Baird & Co (sic) [William Blair & Co.] 

<Q - Sharon Zackfia>: That would be William Blair & Co., unless we bought Robert Baird on this call. 

Operator 

I apologize. 

<Q - Sharon Zackfia>: It's okay. A quick question on Urban Outfitter, the Urban Outfitters division. I think you 
mentioned that home and accessories were the strongest categories. I think it's been a while since I have heard that. 
Could you give us an insight on what's going on in the core Urban division? 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Steve, I'll ask you to answer that question. 

<A - Stephen Murray>: Yeah, in actual fact, the two highlights were home and accessories. There were separate. So, 
just to reiterate first of all the biggest increase in Q2 was actually women's in dollar terms, but to answer your question 
in terms of the home wares, the strongest categories really were the ones you would expect. There were at the 
electronics business, which we put a lot of focus on in store. There were the stationery and the book business, which 
obviously we're known for, and then in terms of the direct business, we had a little lift in terms of bedding. And they 
were really what drove the percentage increase last quarter. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Roxanne Meyer of UBS. 

<Q - Roxanne Meyer>: Great, thanks. Let me add my congratulations. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

<Q - Roxanne Meyer>: I'm just wondering, if you can give us an update on some of your sales productivity initiatives 
at the store level, whether it's improving the flows of the store, the cash wrap or from payroll and where you are with 
regard to those initiatives? 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, Roxanne, the number that I'm really proud of it is that our class 
of 2010 openings. As we said on the last call and they're roughly equally productive to our comp store base. And we've 
worked very very hard on that number. And we achieved that through better site selection, better store design and I 
think better inventory flow and better store operations. 

So I think the other initiatives, and we have many many initiatives, they really are illustrated by our comp store gains, 
which I'm very very pleased with given this economy that we're in. The brands are -- you'll see some impact to the 
Urban Outfitters Broadway location early next year. You'll see if you go to the Chelsea Meat Market Anthropologie 
store, which opened several months ago, you'll see a lot of changes to the way that store flows, the cash wrap, the 
dressing rooms and so on. So these changes -- they're iterative, we do something, we learn, we roll it out in order of 
priority and they're happening all the time. 


<Q - Roxanne Meyer>: Okay, great. Thanks and best of luck. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Laura Champine of Cowen and Company. 

<Q - Laura Champine>: Good afternoon. We're impressed by the momentum that you continue to see in Free People 
and the way that that's driving your wholesale division too. It seems that the improvements there are in product, but can 
you specifically talk, Glen, about what you think is driving strong growth out of Free People? 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: I think it's the product, I think that Meg and the team have just knocked 
the ball out of the park in both our own retail stores and our wholesale partners. I think the content looks sensational 
and the numbers speak to that. 

Having said that, I've got to say, we also -- Meg has a new store director, which the Anthro brand very kindly gave to 
her at the beginning of the year and I think that – her name is Beth [inaudible] and I think Beth has done terrific job 
with many many other people that she works with in basically creating a level of discipline, execution, professionalism 
around store operations. And that's certainly had a very positive impact, but at the end of that day in this business it 
really does always go back to the product. And the product is sensational. 

<Q - Laura Champine>: Great. Thank you. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Neely Tamminga of Piper Jaffray. 

<Q - Neely Tamminga>: Hi, great. Glen, just want to go a little bit further on that newness elasticity which I think 
you're spot on about overall. Just wondering in that context how you're feeling about the core Urban division, 
particularly as I think that teen and college group really has seen quite a bit of lack in newness. How you're feeling 
about the Urban position, as you kind of head into to fall particularly here on the bottoms business, it'd be really 
helpful? Thanks. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: I think that Steve and the group have done a wonderful job I think the 
Urban stores look excellent, I think the product looks great. Let me remind you that the -- I kind of cringe when I hear 
the word teen, because the teen population generates less than 10% of our business as a company; and even as a brand 
it's a relatively insignificant portion of the business. So the Urban customer is just dead on that early 
20-something-year-old college kid. 

And with regard to fashion, there is a lot of trend. As you know I won't go into trend on the call, but there is a lot of 
trend. There is a lot of change and I think you're right, Neely, there is a lot of sameness on a lot of people's floors. I am 
concerned about -- at a macro level, I'm concerned about inventory levels and I'm concerned about the amount of 
promotional activity that we may see over the next several months. But I think we have our ear to the ground, we're on 
it. As always, we have a broad assortment, which allows us to test a lot of new things and there are a lot of sparks in the 
business. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Marni Shapiro of Retail Tracker. 


<Q - Marni Shapiro>: Hey, guys, congratulations. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Marni. 

<Q - Marni Shapiro>: And particularly to the Free People group, the assortment does look absolutely terrific. I 
believe at the end of the year – end of last year coming into this year, you guys talked about the direct business and you 
talked about planning up catalogue circulation at all the brands based on what you were seeing going on in the direct 
business. And about spending more money on the Internet and some of the increases were going to be related to what 
you were seeing on the business. Given that the business has been so strong and so successful, can you take us through 

– we're now six months through the year, can you take us through your thinking on this for the back half of the year? 
<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, Marni, I don't recall ever saying that we were going to raise 
catalog circulation. I certainly don't recall saying that we were going to raise it a significant amount. What I do recall 
saying is that we were investing in our direct-to-consumer business, but those investments are in areas around 
technology and people largely, product assortments, fulfillment so on. But they're not around catalog circulation. 

Now, we're going live, we're in the process of going live with Merkle, which is our new database system. And as we 
have more actionable information on our database, we may choose to increase our circulation, but the first time we're 
mailing books in our business, using the Merkle database is October. We really won't know about that until the end of 
the year. 

So, I think, the plan, the circulation plans are to keep them relatively flat plus or minus a couple of percent for the 
remainder of the year. If there was going to be a substantive change to that number, it would come out of what we learn 
with Merkle with our October mailing, all right? 

<Q - Marni Shapiro>: That makes sense. Great, good luck guys. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. Thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Robin Murchison of SunTrust. 

<Q - Robin Murchison>: Hi, thank you. It was asked. Congratulations. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you, Robin. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Stacy Pak of SP Research. 

<Q - Stacy Pak>: Hi, thanks. So I noticed you guys changed your presentation, how you present sales again and I was 
looking at the ratio of direct to total and using that math on this quarter and it looks to me, Glen, that maybe 
Anthropologie stores business didn't grow quite as much as I might have expected. Obviously, the total was great, 
which tells me direct overall has been huge and Anthro in particular. Is there anything that might speak to that Anthro 
stores; is there anything going on with that customer? And I guess also more broadly given the strength in direct, are 
you thinking at all about the number of stores – sort of rethinking the number of stores you want to have going 
forward? 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: So, it's hard to me to respond to the first part of your question, because 
I don't know what you had in your model, I only know what we have in our own models. I mean we're very, very 
pleased, as I said in my prepared remarks, with all our brands, one of our channels, all of our regions. And so, I think, 
when I look back at the quarter, and believe me, I'm a very critical person. I really can't see much that I wasn't happy 
with. 


Having said that, the performance week-to-week within the quarter was inconsistent. And this is not, I can't speak to 
the group out there on this call and tell you categorically, that I feel great about the third quarter or the fourth quarter. I 
do have a level of anxiety, I had that level of anxiety three months ago, I certainly had it six months ago. And all I can 
do is tell you that the team is -looks at the business daily, some of them look at it more often hourly or every 15 
minutes and the team is terrific. They're responsive. They look for tells in the business, they're responsible with 
inventory, and they're doing a terrific job. So, I don't know, what else I can tell you. Eric, you want to? 

<A - Eric Artz, Chief Financial Officer>: Stacy, the only thing I would add is the fact that, our new stores that were 
opened last year performing the way they do against the base I think is an important point relative to this retail versus 
e-com perspective, right. The fact that they're so close, it doesn't tell us that we're necessarily cannibalizing ourselves. 

I would also add that the reason we're reporting the information as we do today is that we're managing the business to 
be as – to try and be as seamless as we can with the consumer. So, whether that's the store, the catalog, e-com, 
whatever the channel may be, we're trying to make those lines as seamless as we can. And that's why we ultimately are 
bringing those numbers together in one brand number globally. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: I mean to Eric's point, when we have ROI numbers well north of 60% 
on new stores why would we stop opening new stores. And certainly all of our data, and most of the market data, points 
to a high level of synergy between direct-to-consumer strategies and brick-and-mortar strategies. 

The other thing back to the Merkle database, remember that the database that we are in the process of going live with 
will give us one view of the customer across multiple channels. So we'll have a much better sense of the synergies. But 
anecdotally, when we drop a catalog that people go into the stores. We know that people buy things online and return 
them in the stores or buy things in the stores and return them online. So, it's really important that we get the 
organization looking at all of the channels through the lens of the customer. The customer gets upset when the 
experience is not consistent across multiple channels. 

<Q - Stacy Pak>: Totally understand. Glen, is there anything different when you're looking at the customers -- at the 
Anthro customer, is there anything to explain it that way. I appreciate your response and understand everything you 
said. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Yep, well that sounds like a second question. Again, I'm going to be 
very disciplined, so I'll pass that off Oona after the call. Thank you. 

<Q - Stacy Pak>: Thanks, Glen. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Howard Tubin of RBC Capital Markets. 

<Q - Howard Tubin>: Oh, thanks. Just a question on private label, Glen, at Urban Outfitters, is it at a level now where 
you're comfortable with it and happy with it or can we expect to see private label continue to grow at the Urban 
Outfitters division? 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: I'll ask Steve to respond to that. 

<A - Stephen Murray>: Yeah. Howard, I'm assuming that, what's behind your question there is really a desire to bring 
to build your margin model. We're not looking to change fundamentally any of our ratios. We're very happy actually 
where we are. We're doing a few strategic things at the classification level, but nothing that's going to change the 
model. 

<Q - Howard Tubin>: Okay, great. Thanks. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: To remind everyone, I think there was some confusion around this. 
Private label versus owned brand. Over the last year, 18 months has been shift at our Urban Outfitters away from 


private label into own brand and the difference is that own brand is designed by us and the manufacture is supervised 
internally. So it's essentially vertical merchandise, whereas private label is often merchandise that a buyer might do 
outside in the marketplace. So that's really been the shift and, as Steve has said, it's had a minimal impact on margins. 
It's a strategic initiative not a margin initiative. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Liz Pierce from Roth Capital Partners. 

<Q - Elizabeth Pierce>: Thanks, Glen, and congratulations. And just a quick questions on Terrain if you are willing to 
providing any kind of commentary? 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Liz, it's still, I think what I can say is it's still a work in progress. The 
customers absolutely love it, it's still losing money, it still reminds me of early days in Anthropologie and John 
Kinsella, the managing director, Allison, the head merchant, Greg Lehmkuhl, the creative director, they're all working 
very, very hard to continue to make it more productive. We have good comp numbers out of it in the second quarter, as 
you see, and -- but we need more. And until we have more, we're going to be very very careful with growing our 
business. 

<Q - Elizabeth Pierce>: Great. Thank you. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Sam Panella of Raymond James. 

<Q - Samantha Panella>: Hi. And let me add my congratulations as well. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Sam. 

<Q - Samantha Panella>: If you could just talk about the opportunity from a markdown perspective in terms of 
improving gross margin and how you feel about the level of markdowns -- anything stand out by each division? Thank 
you. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Sam, generally speaking we do not manage markdowns and we've 
spoken about this on many many calls before. I always say, the customer manages markdowns. We manage inventory 
levels, two weeks of supply. So if we're lucky and we do a reasonably good job picking the product and then distorting 
it properly, there is absolutely opportunity to improve the markdown rate. If we're less lucky, if we make some 
mistakes, if the fashion that we sell ends up shifting mid quarter, then we may spend markdown money equal to last 
year, we might even exceed last year. 

I think generally speaking over the next several years, we have an opportunity to improve our markdown rates, because 
we are becoming more systematic at the way we plan our business. We've compressed lead times, which allows us to 
buy more correctly and so on. But with regard to the next quarter, the next 10 to 12 weeks, I certainly know what we 
have planned. But I don't even know what it's going to look like at this point. 

<Q - Samantha Panella>: Thanks and good luck. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Margaret Whitfield of Sterne Agee. 

<Q - Margaret Whitfield>: Yeah. Hi, Glen, congratulations. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 


<Q - Margaret Whitfield>: Wondered if you could give us an update on the new initiatives Leifsdottir and the 
wedding business? 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, Leifsdottir had a, I would say, a good quarter, not a great 
quarter. I think the apparel was good, not great. I think we learned from the mistakes and we feel good about the go 
forward assortment. The good news with Leifsdottir is we launched the shoes at the Las Vegas Shoe Show a couple of 
weeks ago and the reception was excellent. I think the team feels that we have exactly the distribution we want to have. 
And personally, I think the shoes look sensational. We are planning on opening a store next year. My guess is that it 
would open sometime in the first half of the store – first half of the year, excuse me, and we'll continue to learn. It's a 
small business, it's a young business and we expect there are going to be a lots of starts and stops over the next couple 
of years, but we're pleased. 

With regard to wedding, we saw the first dresses, the first samples, I think about two and a half, three weeks ago. We 
actually sold our first dress to someone within the company. It was a joyous event. The dresses look sensational. We're 
on track to launch next February. Again, I think the dresses look good. We're not going to know for another six months 
whether or not the customers think the dresses look good. But the team is on schedule. We're hired up. Everything is 
going as we expected it to go. So we're feeling good of that. 

<Q - Margaret Whitfield>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Our final question comes from Brian Delaney of EnTrust Capital. 

<Q - Brian Delaney>: Hi, guys, thanks for taking the call. I just was hoping that you could drill down a little bit more, 
you said a couple of times that you're not overly bullish around the back half. Is that a macro comment? Is it a specific 
comment to the business? And if so, what are we doing to try to deal with some of the concerns you have? 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Well, Brian, it's certainly a macro comment. We all read the same 
newspapers, we read the same statistics and I'm sure they're – I doubt there are any of us that feel great about the 
essential fundamentals right now, including customer confidence. In terms of our own business, I said in our last call 
that we have to work very hard for our results and I would say that again. We have to work very hard for our results. 
The climate is an inconsistent climate. 

I would say if I go back to the wonder years of 2007, the business was more predictable. It's less predictable now. I 
don't want anyone on this call just assuming that it's business as usual because it's not. We're in – we're at war and we're 
fighting for our business every single day. And how do we deal with that? By having tremendous discipline as an 
organization, tremendous discipline around assortment planning, around product design, around the production 
calendar, around inventory management, around payroll control. I can't – when I look back over the last – the first six 
months of this year, the organization did a tremendous job at execution. 

But as I said in the last earnings call, and as I said in my prepared remarks, the wins that we've had this year are more 
about execution, and less about any kind of secular changes in the economy. I don't think it's getting worse. I certainly 
don't think we're headed for a double-dip. But I don't think, it's getting better anytime soon, and I quite frankly don't 
want anyone in the organization to think it's getting any better anytime soon. 

Operator 

I'm not showing any further questions. Would you like to continue with any further remark? 

Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer 


No, Patty. I just want to thank everyone as always for their support. And I know Oona and Eric will be on stand-by to 
take questions, and I look forward to seeing many of you in the next several weeks. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program. 
You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2010, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


