Q4 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 


• Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer 
• Eric Artz 
• John Kyees 
• Tedford Marlow 
• Calvin Hollinger 
Other Participants 

• Adrienne Tennant 
• Lorraine Hutchinson 
• Betty Chen 
• Michelle Tan 
• Brian Tunick 
• Michelle Clark 
• Paul Lejuez 
• Samantha Panella 
• Edward Yruma 
• Christine Chen 
• Richard Jaffe 
• Liz Dunn 
• Dana Telsey 
• Stacy Pak 
• Barbara Wyckoff 
• Sharon Zackfia 
• Erika Maschmeyer 
• Roxanne Meyer 
• Laura Champine 
• Holly Guthrie 
• Marni Shapiro 
• Randal Konik 
• Howard Tubin 
• Margaret Gilliam 
• David Weiner 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Urban Outfitters Incorporated fourth quarter fiscal 2010 earnings 
call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question and answer session, and 
instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. 

The following discussions may include forward-looking statements. Please note that actual results may differ materially 
from those statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially 


from projected results is contained in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Glen Senk, CEO. Sir, you may begin. 

Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer 

Good morning. It's my pleasure to welcome you to the URBN quarterly conference call. Joining me today is Eric Artz, 
Chief Financial Officer; John Kyees, Chief Investor Relations Officer, and our senior team, including the majority of 
our brand and shared service leads. 

Earlier today, the company issued a press release outlining the financial and operating results for the three and twelve 
month periods ending January 31, 2010. I will begin today's call by reading prepared commentary regarding our 
performance. Then the group and I will be pleased to answer any questions you may have. As usual you will be able to 
access the text of today's conference call on our corporate website at www.urbanoutfittersinc.com. 

We are delighted to report a series of record-breaking results for the quarter and for the year. The following 
summarizes our fourth quarter fiscal 2010 performance versus the comparable quarter last year. Net sales increased 
16% to $589 million, the largest quarterly revenue performance in our history. Income from operations grew 88% to a 
record $119 million, resulting in a best ever fourth quarter operating margin of 20%. Net income increased 92% to a 
record $78 million or $0.45 per diluted share. 

Comparable Retail segment sales, which includes our direct-to-consumer channel rose by 9%. Comparable store sales 
increased 4%. Comp sales at Urban Outfitters were flat and comp sales at Anthropologie, Free People and Terrain rose 
by 10%, 11% and 23% respectively. Direct-to-consumer sales soared 28% despite a strategic 18% reduction in 
circulation with all three brands posting double-digit increases. Wholesale segment revenues declined 2% to $23 
million. 

Gross profit margins increased 771 basis points, driven by significant gains in initial margins and reductions in 
merchandise markdowns to clear seasonal product. Comparable store inventories were 3% lower at quarter's end. 
Selling, general, and administrative expenses expressed as a percentage of sales declined one basis point for the period 
despite a significant accrual of additional incentive-based compensation expense related to our annual performance and 
earnings. Finally, cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities grew by $224 million to $745 million. 

I'll begin this morning by providing more detail on each of our key business metrics for the quarter starting with sales. 
New and non-comparable store sales contributed $40 million including a gain of $3 million in currency translation 
adjustments for foreign-based sales. The company opened eight new stores in the quarter, four each for Anthropologie 
and Urban Outfitters, including one Urban Outfitters in Europe bringing the total new stores opened for the year to 33. 

Within the quarter, comparable store sales were positive each month but strongest in December. By region, sales at 
Anthropologie were positive in all locations but strongest in the Northeast and South. In comparison, sales at Urban 
Outfitters were strongest in the Midwest and lagged on the West Coast. By store venue, sales at Anthropologie were 
uniform across all types, whereas sales at Urban Outfitters were strongest in mall locations. 

The company's comp store sales performance was driven by a 4% increase in transactions and a 4% increase in average 
unit selling price, which more than offset a 4% decrease in average units per transaction. By brand, the number of 
transactions increased 8%, 25% and 2% at Anthropologie, Free People and Urban Outfitters respectively. 

Average unit selling prices increased 14% at Anthropologie and decreased 8% and 2% at Free People and Urban 
Outfitters respectively. Finally, units per transaction were flat at Urban Outfitters and down 11% and 4% at 
Anthropologie and Free People respectively. 

Direct-to-consumer sales increased 28% to $112 million despite a strategic circulation decrease of 18%. The 
penetration of direct-to-consumer sales to net sales as a whole increased nearly two percentage points to 19% 
highlighting a secular shift in the way our customer is shopping. The result was driven by more than 26 million website 
visits, a gain of 27% or 5.5 million additional visits. The direct-to-consumer channel was double-digit positive across 


all brands and our strategic investments in assortment, site experience, fulfillment and social media continue to yield 
high returns. 

Since the direct-to-consumer channel is becoming such a meaningful part of each brand's revenue, effective next 
quarter, the company will begin to report comparable retail segment sales by brand and will limit comparable retail 
store sales information to the total company's performance. 

By merchandise category, women's apparel and accessories led the pace at Anthropologie and men's and women's 
apparel were strongest at Urban Outfitters. As we have communicated consistently throughout the year, there were 
powerful fashion cues in our business and our customers continued to discriminate by responding to newness, scarcity 
and great authentic design. 

Our comparable store inventories were 3% lower at quarter's end. The brand presidents are very comfortable with their 
inventory position. And as I have mentioned before, they will continue to focus on achieving appropriate reductions in 
our inventory weeks of supply, because we believe it positively impacts the customer experience and ultimately results 
in improvement to maintain margins. 

I'd like to now turn your attention to our Wholesale segment for the fourth quarter. 

With the addition of Leifsdottir, revenue declined by 2% to $23 million due primarily to a strategic reduction in 
clearance sales. Free People's Wholesale revenue decreased by 5% to $21.9 million with sales to specialty stores 
increasing 7%, sales to department stores decreasing 2% and sales to clearance outlets decreasing 28%. The brand's 
average unit selling price increased 17%, while unit sales declined 19% driven primarily by the reduction in closeout 
sales. Leifsdottir's Wholesale revenue increased 77% to $1.6 million and we continue to gain confidence in the brand's 
long-term potential. 

I'd like to now turn your attention to gross margin, operating expense and income. Gross margins for the quarter 
increased 771 basis points to 41.7% driven largely by gains in initial margin and a reduction in markdowns to clear 
seasonal product. Let me reiterate that over the long-term, we believe we have additional initial margin opportunity, 
and opportunity to reduce markdown levels to our historic average. 

The organization continued to exhibit exceptional discipline in managing expenses, while simultaneously making 
strategic investments in design, the supply chain, technology, our direct-to-consumer businesses and our European 
infrastructure. Total selling, general and administrative costs for the quarter as a percentage of sales decreased by one 
basis point to 21.6% despite a significant accrual of additional incentive-based compensation expense related to our 
annual performance and earnings. 

The company generated an impressive 20% operating margin, earning a record $119 million of income from 
operations, an increase of 88% versus the same quarter last year. We also achieved our highest-ever net income for a 
quarter, $78 million, an increase of 92% from the prior year, with earnings per diluted share of $0.45. 

The company's annual effective tax rate for the year was 36.2% versus 35.6% for the prior year. The increase in the 
current year rate is primarily attributable to a lower proportion of tax-free interest income due to a strategic shift to a 
mix of lower-risk securities versus the prior year's holdings. The company estimates that next year's annual effective 
tax rate will be approximately 35.8%. The expected favorable change in next year's rate will be due in part to an 
increase in income generated from foreign operations. 

We've just completed a year that most of us will never forget. A year that was extraordinary in so many ways and a true 
test of our organization. I think it's fair to say that our company experienced the impact of the 2008 economic reset later 
than many of our peers. Given our exceptional fourth quarter results, I believe it's also accurate to say that we adjusted 
to the reset faster than many of our peers. 

Let me remind you that our business grew 22% in 2008, that we finished the year with an 8% comparable store sales 
gain and a 32% increase in our direct-to-consumer channel. It wasn't until the fourth quarter of 2008 that our 
performance decelerated to a 1% comp sales decline and 20% direct-to-consumer sales growth. 


We reached the nadir of this cycle the following quarter, the first quarter of 2009 with a 10% comp sales decline and 
direct-to-consumer growth of just 4%. The organization reacted swiftly to the unprecedented challenge. And as soon as 
the environment began to stabilize, they were able to read patterns in the business and respond accordingly. Driven by 
the team's effective efforts, the trend improved in each quarter throughout 2009, culminating in our record fourth 
quarter performance. 

I'm equally pleased to announce that our current February sales results exceeded our fourth quarter performance, which 
gives us confidence that our strategies have taken firm hold. These are the results of an exceptional organization, an 
organization characterized by passion, tenacity, intellect, agility, discipline, creativity and alignment. I believe these 
results also highlight the efficacy of our operating model and strategy, and for that, I offer the organization's 
appreciation to Dick and the Board. 

Before I close the call, I'd like to spend a few minutes reviewing our priorities for the year. We have four key initiatives 
and I'll touch on each of them briefly. Our first focus is driving continuing gains in four-wall productivity. If we can 
continue our historic 10-year average comp rate over the next decade, we'll drive an incremental $1.2 billion to the 
company's top line. Our strategies include making continued improvements in four key areas; right product, right time, 
right place, right price, site selection and store design, store operations and marketing, including the launch our 
cross-channel database. 

Our next priority is to continue to drive our e-commerce business resulting in a higher penetration of 
direct-to-consumer sales to total company sales. We are unwilling to set a limit to the level of penetration, and we're 
increasingly channel-agnostic as to how the customer reaches us. Our strategies for the year revolve around making 
iterative and disruptive changes to our online merchandise content, continuing to improve our websites, continuing to 
increase access to our brands through mobile technology, continuing to improve fulfillment operations and continuing 
to mine social media. 

Our third priority is international expansion. We have every indication that the company can achieve an appropriate 
level of profit and productivity in Europe. Urban Outfitters has made great strides over the last several years, including 
a successful entry into Germany and a thriving launch of e-commerce. Anthropologie opened very successfully in 
London last fall, and is about to open its second London location and launch its e-commerce site this month. And Free 
People will begin a course of European wholesale expansion in the current year. 

Andrew McLean, the company's Chief Operating Officer for Europe is leading many of our European infrastructure in 
tactical improvement initiatives, including; comprehensive market research and due diligence, the design and 
implementation of a logistics and fulfillment strategy, upgrades to our retail and direct-to-consumer operating systems 
and so on. 

We have also begun to lay the groundwork for the company's expansion to the Far East. It is unlikely that we will have 
anything definitive to report in the near future, but we are targeting a calendar 2012 or 2013 launch. 

Our fourth and final priority is adding new brands to the Urban portfolio. We see our company as a group of niche 
brands, and because we feel so strongly that scarcity creates value, we envision the company will be comprised of a 
minimum of six significant brands over the next 10 years. To that end, we are advancing our efforts with Leifsdottir. 
We launched the Leifsdottir website two weeks ago, we plan to launch shoes and handbags for shipment in the 
beginning of 2011 and we expect to open our first retail store in 2011. It's still too early in the brand's development to 
talk about long-term potential, but the early signs continue to be extremely positive. 

We were also very pleased with the progress that Terrain made during the fourth quarter. I have said repeatedly that 
Terrain reminds me of Anthropologie in the early days. The customer loves it, and their enthusiasm for the experience 
is now generating significant increases in comp sales. Terrain team is confident that they can maintain the positive 
momentum. 

I am also pleased to announce that the company will be launching its next brand on Valentine's Day 2011. A wedding 
lifestyle concept that we hope will be as innovative as our existing brands. We plan to sell an event-based assortment of 
heirloom wedding gowns, bridesmaid and special occasion dresses, shoes, bags and accessories, intimate apparel, 


invitations, décor and gifts. We also expect to offer a community for brides before, during and after the wedding. The 
brand will initially launch with a website followed by a store opening later in the year. 

Of course, none of these initiatives happen without people, and I'd like to take a moment to announce three important 
promotions in the company. 

I couldn't be more pleased to recognize Barbara Rozsas who was just promoted to Chief Sourcing Officer and Wendy 
Wurtzburger and Wendy McDevitt who were just promoted to Co-President of the Anthropologie brand. 

Collectively, these three women have more than 40 years with our company and they are each best of class at what they 
do. There is not a day that goes by when Barbara, Wendy and Wendy don't make our organization better. Nor is there a 
day that goes by when they don't teach me something or make me a better leader. The organization and I are 
profoundly grateful to their commitment and it is a joy to publicly recognize their extraordinary contribution to our 
company. 

I firmly believe we are a better company today than we were a year ago and I hope I have conveyed the sense of 
optimism we are feeling. As we have often stated, the company's overarching goal is constant and simple, to grow 
revenue by at least 20%, to grow profit at a faster rate than sales and to reach a minimum of 20% operating margin. 

As always, the leadership team and I look forward to continuing to inspire our customers and reward our shareholders 
and employees alike. 

I will now open the call to questions. And as is our custom, I ask each of you to limit yourselves to one question. Thank 
you. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Adrienne Tennant of Friedman Billings. 

<Q - Adrienne Tennant>: Good morning and congratulations on a great end to the year. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you, Adrienne. 

<Q - Adrienne Tennant>: Glen, my question is on the directs. I mean it's pretty amazing what you've been able to do 
with the circulation reduction. What is behind that – how are you kind of – what are you doing to reduce the circulation 
and increase the efficacy of that what you're circulating? 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Adrienne, what – it really goes back to the things we have been talking 
about on the last several conference calls. It's the strategies that we have around product, around the site itself, around 
fulfillment and around social media and also around mobile, so access to the site. So if I talk about in each of those 
things briefly with product, we've made iterative changes to the assortments and by that I mean adding things like 
additional sizes or inseams, expanding assortments where we don't have the constraints, the physical constraints of a 
brick and mortar store. 

We've also begun to make disruptive changes to the assortment. So by that, I mean, things that we believe are 
appropriate for each of our customers and each of our brands, but things that we wouldn't normally carry in a store. So 
kind of a minor example of that might be swimsuits in Anthropologie. A more significant example of that might be the 
bicycles at Urban Outfitters offered this past season. So that's the product offered. 

Then you start to look at the websites themselves, each of our brands have gone through multiple site redesigns over 
the last several years. As you know, we launched ATG two years ago, which both Urban Outfitters and Anthropologie 
run on, Free People runs on a different system. But what all of the systems do is they allow the sites to be much more 
sticky, much more user-friendly, the checkout process is simpler, the analytics that we have to drive the business are 
more robust and so on. 


I mentioned mobile, all of our brands have some version of mobile access. Free People right now I believe probably is 
leading the way, but the other two brands will have mobile sites that they are very happy with in the next several 
months. 

Social media, we have done a great job with. I think in North America alone, we've collected over 200,000 names on 
Facebook between our three brands. I was just looking at some data yesterday, we're really using the blogs effectively. 
Free People actually launched rating reviews, Meg what? I think, maybe about a year and a half ago, Urban followed 
suit, Anthropologie launched it in the middle of last year, that's been tremendously effective. So we have gotten smarter 
and smarter about how to monetize all the opportunities around social media. 

And then lastly, fulfillment, we are very mindful of the fact that some of our e-tailer benchmarks have done a 
sensational job with the whole concept of fast and free. That's an area that we're testing, we'll be very methodical about 
it. But certainly, the kind of boundaries to direct response buying are shrinking in the last several years. 

And with all of those things, paper is just going away. I don't think it's going away overnight. But I think 10 years from 
now, it will probably be gone. And I think you're seeing that in the world of magazine publishing and you're seeing that 
in many, many other areas. So we're just trying to say current. It's a very, very exciting time for us. 

<Q - Adrienne Tennant>: And what's the circulation reduction for 2010 please? 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: I think it's flattish. 

<Q - Adrienne Tennant>: Okay, wonderful. Good luck. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Lorraine Hutchinson of Bank of America. 

<Q - Lorraine Hutchinson>: Thank you. Good morning. I was just hoping to get a little more detail on the gross 
margin. Can you just talk through some of the drivers of the IMU opportunity that you have going forward? And then, 
if you did get markdown levels back to historic rates, what would be the impact be to margin? And then any update on 
the move from third-party to more private label at Urban and that impact on margins? Thanks. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: So I'll ask, Eric to get started with that and since he's been with us 
about two and a half weeks. If he needs help, John or I will jump in. 

<A - Eric Artz>: Lorraine, the comparisons in our margins I guess I'd first start by comparing it to Q3. Our markup is 
rather consistent from the third quarter into the fourth quarter. So that's one piece of information. Markdowns are 
clearly higher from quarter-to-quarter just based on the seasonality of our business. As we look into fourth quarter 
comparisons, the improvement driven – the 771 basis point improvement, was really shared by markup and markdown 
almost equally with a slight advantage to markup and we leveraged occupancy with a positive comp as well. 

So looking forward, the company has made great strides in IMU improvement, but as you point out, we do have 
opportunities in the markdown compared to our historical rates and we'll continue to focus on that. And when it comes 
to the mix of business driven on the private side, I think we see slight improvement, but not dramatic improvement 
going into fiscal '11. 

<A - John Kyees>: I know – I'll just add. I know everyone, I know you're all doing models and you want us to commit 
to specific numbers. And all I can say is what I've heard Dick say for the 16 years I've been with the company is that 
our goal is to drive our profits faster than we drive our sales. And we – I'll reiterate what I said in the prepared 
comments. We believe we continue to have significant IMU opportunity. We believe we have opportunity to reduce 
our markdowns down to historic levels. I don't want to get into specific details as to what that means. But we think we 
have good upside with maintained margins in the next several years. 


<Q - Lorraine Hutchinson>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Betty Chen of Wedbush. 

<Q - Betty Chen>: Thank you. Good morning and congratulations. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Betty. 

<Q - Betty Chen>: Glen, you said in your opening remarks that obviously you're quite pleased with how all the brands 
performed during the holiday season. And so far I believe you said February has been trending above Q4 levels. Could 
you give us a sense of at least during the holiday what sort of unique and differentiated merchandise customers really 
reacted to for each brand? And then also in February, what sort of performance can you to tell us by brand. Have they 
all improved versus Q4 levels? Thank you. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah Betty, I can give general merchandise comments. We've kind of 
gotten away from giving specifics on that. As I said in the prepared comments, really across the company, the apparel 
business was quite strong, and then in Anthropologie, accessories was also strong. And with apparel it's both – at Urban 
it was both men's and women's apparel. And there I said repeatedly that there's a lot of fashion, the shows in New York 
in the last several weeks, the shows in Europe, everything looks terrific. 

And there is great trend in all of our businesses. And it goes back to what I've said repeatedly, people are shopping their 
closets if they can shop their closet. So the kind of product that's selling is the product that's fresh, that's new, that's 
compelling. It's not been about price for us. It's been about how special the product is, how novel the product is, how 
unique the product is. 

With regard to our February trend, our trend was positive for all of our businesses relative to the fourth quarter, and 
that's despite the snow, which we didn't talk about in the prepared commentary, but obviously we have a lot of stores 
that are outside or in open centers. So, I'm particularly pleased that we could report that given the record snow that we 
had this past month. 

<Q - Betty Chen>: As a follow-up to that Glen, can you help us quantify what the snow impact could have been to 
February, and maybe how we could think about recouping that in March, especially with an earlier Easter this year? 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: I'm going to respond two ways, first of all, when I was at ICR a few 
weeks ago, everyone begged me for sticking to one question. So I'm going to do that because I think it just keeps the 
call crisper. With regard to the quantification, I'll answer this, and this is the last time I'll answer a second follow-up 
question. I don't want to give specifics. I have a feeling that everyone who is listening to this call is far better at 
calculating the specifics than I am. And I don't know what we'll get back in March, but I can tell you, I feel great about 
our February. 

<Q - Betty Chen>: Great. Thank you so much, and good luck. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Michelle Tan of Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - Michelle Tan>: Great. Thanks. I was wondering if you could talk, Glen, a little more about some of the specific 
capabilities that you're thinking about in the direct business to continue to drive the penetration of that higher, and then 
what the impact is as you look at your leverage point on the business from a comp perspective, and then – and your 
buying and occupancy as a percentage of sales going forward? 


<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: So, Michelle, is that two? I'm a little confused. Is that two separate 
questions? You want to know what's the impact on SG&A is as a result of the direct business improvement and 
penetration? 

<Q - Michelle Tan>: Yes. And if you want to pick one to answer, go with the details on the development ideas 


<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. So it really – it's building – what we plan to do is continue to 
build on what we've done this past year. I think, and I've said this before, we do not benchmark ourselves against 
legacy brick and motor retailers. We are benchmarking ourselves against e-tailers. And so when you look at an Amazon 
and this is off the top of my head, but since I think they're doing about $25 billion this year, they've clearly had better 
growth than we've had in the last decade. 

And we're not an Amazon, they are a marketplace and a technology company, we're a group of brands. But, I certainly 
want to learn from Amazon, I want to learn from the off-price auction sites, I want to learn from Facebook. And we're 
really having a lot of conversations internally that talk about the fact that the e-commerce world is probably long-term, 
the best representation of who we are as a brand. 

Historically, if you think about this, we started as a brick and mortar retailer, we introduced wholesale. It was only a 
dozen years ago that we introduced a catalog for the company. And we jokingly recall, I think it was maybe eight, nine 
years ago when Michael Robinson, who now runs Anthropologie Direct in Europe, carried the HP computer on his 
back into his office to run the direct-to-consumer systems. 

So we're moving maybe not as quickly as Amazon, but relative to where we've come from, we think we're moving 
quickly. So the kinds of improvements we're making are focused in the areas that I talked about. I think you'll see much 
more around product innovation on all of our sites and all of our brands. And I think you'll see us testing new 
categories that we believe are customer and brand appropriate, but that you wouldn't see in the stores. 

I think you'll see a lot of interesting things happen in our websites. We don't have a lot of video for example right now 
and I'm sure you've all read the impact that video has on conversion. I think you'll see us do a lot more with social 
media, I think you'll see us testing this whole concept of fast and free, the Merkle database, which I'm sure someone's 
going to ask me about. I think will have a profound impact on our direct-to-consumer business. 

And the other thing we're not really – I've talked about on earlier calls is how the – how our e-commerce and websites 
can synergistically impact our retail business, our brick and mortar retail business. Remember the only way that we 
have to talk to our retail customers, which is still north of 80% of our business right now is through catalogs and kind 
of general e-mails, but they're not targeted. 

So when we have Merkle up and running, which will happen at the end of the year, we'll be able to understand exactly 
what impact we get out of every e-mail that we send or every Facebook that we manage. So I hope that gives you some 
clarity. With regard to the SG&A, I'll wait till someone else asks the question. 

<A - Eric Artz>: Michelle, this is Eric. I would just add on the direct business that in the fourth quarter of fiscal '09, 
we had double-digit increases. In the fourth quarter of fiscal '10, we had double-digit increases. And as Glen 
mentioned, in his comments, February outpaced as well for all brands. 

<Q - Michelle Tan>: Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Brian Tunick of JPMorgan. 

<Q - Brian Tunick>: Okay, thanks. Thanks, and congrats as well. I guess Glen and Ted, I guess it's very impressive 
obviously that the apparel comps at the core Urban division have been doing so well especially since it seems like a lot 
of the other teen and mall-based retailers seem to be copying I guess some of your trends. 


So my question more so is on the accessory and home business. I know you're up against much easier comparisons here 
in the first half, but maybe can you talk about what you're doing in that category, accessory and home to sort of get the 
momentum back in the business? 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, I'll just say one brief thing and then I'll turn it over to Ted. I just 
want to remind everyone that on a two-year basis that the Urban's two-year comp was 3% for the fourth quarter and 
Anthropologie was 4% for the fourth quarter. So Urban Outfitters remember in our fiscal '09 was positive in the fourth 
quarter where Anthropologie was down 6%. So the performance on a two-year basis between the two brands is 
essentially within a point of one another. I think it's important for everyone to remember that and now I'll turn it over to 
Ted. 

<A - Tedford Marlow>: Yeah, Brian. On accessories and home, we did see coming in – coming through fourth 
quarter, we did see a nice improvement in comp performance in women's accessories and home. With both of those 
businesses, as we came through last year, we began putting more emphasis into the design with the proprietary design 
team that we've had in place. 

In women's we put similar staff in place to support women's accessories and home. And we've seen improvement in 
product performance in the fourth quarter in both those businesses. I would also add that that improved performance 
continued as we turned the corner into the new year. And we do like the way our women's accessories business is 
treating us right now. 

<A - Eric Artz>: I'd add a follow-up to that Brian as well, which is, we obviously never disclose the profitability of our 
businesses. However, we did talk at the January release regarding sales. How markdowns were down for the Urban 
division as well. So when we talk in the grander scheme about profitability and $0.45 for the quarter, Urban had a great 
quarter. 

<A - John Kyees>: We had a record quarter. I guess as long as you gave me a tee-up there. The Urban business for the 
quarter, I took a look at the trailing five years, the five-year average on an Op income, percentage basis, we were a 
number of hundred basis points north of that in the quarter. So the team did a great job for Q4. 

<Q - Brian Tunick>: All right, congrats and good luck this year. 

<A - Eric Artz>: Thank you. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Michelle Clark of Morgan Stanley. 

<Q - Michelle Clark>: Thank you. Good morning and congratulations to the team. My question is on SG&A expense 
and how we should be thinking about it for 2010, obviously very strong expense control in 2009 with dollars up 8% 
versus north of 20% over the past four years on average. Can you sustain that level or how should we be thinking about 
the leverage point in 2010, the sensitivity around that and then SG&A dollar growth in 2010? Thank you. 

<A - Eric Artz>: Michelle, this Eric. I think the leverage point is somewhere in the two to 3% range, which we have 
talked about in the past as well. Just going back to Glen's prepared comments, he highlighted numerous initiatives in 
his remarks. So relative to that and similar to the levels that we saw in Q4. I think we'll be trending higher relative to 
our SG&A spend and that obviously depends on our comps as well, we've also talked in the past about 30% of our base 
being variable. So I think in one of the previous calls, John quoted SG&A growth somewhere in the double-digit range 
for fiscal '11 and that's a number that we feel comfortable with. 

<Q - Michelle Clark>: Great. Thank you. 


Operator 

Our next question comes from Paul Lejuez of Credit Suisse. 

<Q - Paul Lejuez>: Thanks guys. Can you talk about inventory levels by brand and how you see that playing out 
throughout the year? Thanks. 

<A - Tedford Marlow>: Paul, I find myself answering the same way more or less every time. We manage to weeks of 
supply not to absolute inventory levels. So right now the total comp inventories were down 3%. They were down most 
at the Urban brands and least at the Anthropologie brands kind of following the comps. But as I said in my prepared 
comments, each of the brand presidents feels very, very comfortable with where the inventories are. 

Over the long-term, meaning over the next three to five years. I'd like to see a continued reduction in weeks of supply 
as we get up and running with our TradeStone software system, as we continue to make improvements in our planning 
and allocation systems and the reason why we all feel so strongly about that is because we think it will – as I said in my 
prepared comments, improve the customer experience. 

The less the store has to handle the product, the more time they can spend with the customer, the crisper and cleaner 
and fresher the product is and so on. And of course the benefit of that is improved merchandise margins. 

So we've had a lot of help from the sourcing group over the last couple of years reducing our weeks of supply. And 
that's really what you're seeing in the numbers, and I think we'll continue to see improvements there. 

<Q - Paul Lejuez>: Thanks. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Samantha Panella [Raymond James & Associates]. Your line is open. 

<Q - Samantha Panella>: Okay. Thank you and congratulations. I guess again going back to the direct business with 
this being such a growth priority. Can you help us think about obviously it has the higher operating margin, I believe 
than the store level. And what the opportunities to grow that operating margin at the direct business are? Thank you. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, Sam. I think that I know we have talked about in general terms 
the differences between the four-wall brick and mortar profitability and the wholesale profitability and the direct 
profitability. And we are absolutely most profitable in the direct business. So it's a nice thing that we continue to gain 
penetration. 

Having said that, we are making a lot of investments in the direct area. As we developed our plans for the current year, 
we didn't plan to deleverage in many areas, but one of the areas that we did plan to deleverage slightly is in the IT area. 
Calvin is sitting to my right, and I know I'm sure someone is going to ask about some of the IT initiatives at some 
point. But Calvin's got a lot on his plate, much of which will impact the direct business. 

We also – remember in North America, we have only one fulfillment center, we're looking to add a second fulfillment 
center this year. We're also looking to go from third party fulfillment to in-house fulfillment in Europe. I think it's 
likely that we'll get to at least two fulfillment centers pretty quickly in Europe. 

So we are – I think it will continue to be the most profitable channel. But we are also looking to make investments, 
because when Eric came in one of the first things he did was look at the return on investment of every dollar we spent. 
And obviously given the kind of profitability, our ROI in the direct-to-consumer business averages about two to three 
times better than any dollar we spend anywhere else in the company. So we're going to be spending money there. 

<Q - Samantha Panella>: Great. Thank you and good luck. 


<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Sam. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Edward Yruma of KeyBanc. 

<Q - Edward Yruma>: Hi. Thanks very much for taking my question and congratulations on a great quarter. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Ed. 

<Q - Edward Yruma>: Your cash continues to build, and I know that you continue to review it on a periodic basis, 
but can you at least give us some of your thought process behind deployment of cash either to new growth vehicles or 
potentially to returning it back to shareholders? Thank you. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. I'll ask Eric to take that. 

<A - Eric Artz>: Edward, our cash position was rather consistent with our peer group through most of fiscal '10. 
Obviously with the performance of our business in the fourth quarter and the seasonality, that balance has grown 
considerably. So I would just say that we've had numerous conversations about that situation here over the last couple 
of weeks and we'll continue to look at it and I think we'll just come back to you when we have more definitive direction 
in what we're going to do. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: We just a finished a Board meeting, Ed, and this was definitely a topic 
of conversation at our Board meeting and we'll continue to look at it. 

<Q - Edward Yruma>: Great. Thank you very much. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Christine Chen of Needham & Company. 

<Q - Christine Chen>: Thank you and congratulations on yet another good quarter. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Christine. 

<Q - Christine Chen>: I was wondering for the direct business within the brands do you see the same trends at the 
store-level. I'm wondering given that the Urban customer is younger do they shop online more and maybe that's hurting 
the stores a little bit? Thank you. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, Christine as I said in the prepared comments, we feel so strongly 
that that customers are shopping across channels regularly that we're going to start to report our comps including direct 
for the new year that we just started. Having said that, based on the analysis that we've done and based on anecdotal 
information in my gut, I think it's pretty similar across all of our brands. 

Of course, the direct business at Free People is much more important to the total Free People retail segment than it is 
our Urban and Anthro because Free People has far fewer stores. But the way that customers toggle between a store one 
day, a website another day, a mobile experience a third day is very, very consistent. And it's counterintuitive because 
like you, I would have thought that the Urban customer would have been the earliest adopter, but things are moving 
very, very quickly for the 30 to 45 group. 

I'm sure you know at Facebook the fastest-growing component of Facebook users is that 35 to 45 or 30 to 45 year-old 
customer. Actually the fastest-growing segment of online games is women aged 30 to 45. So it's pretty surprising how 
quickly this has all taken hold. 


<Q - Christine Chen>: Great. Thank you and good luck for spring. 
<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Christine. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Richard Jaffe of Stifel Nicolaus. 

<Q - Richard Jaffe>: Well done. Thank you very much. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: We're all laughing Richard. 

<Q - Richard Jaffe>: I appreciate you laughing with me and... 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Always. 

<Q - Richard Jaffe>: Glen, it seems that the resources, the creative forces within your organization are unstoppable, 
now this new idea for the next February. Do the wheels keep turning? Are there more ideas being generated within 
Anthropologie, within Urban? Are there more creative forces being brought to bear on what are now the very – or the 
old citizens within your portfolio, Anthropologie and Urban? 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, absolutely, Richard. I think, when we talk about the year that 
we've just finished, I've said repeatedly that the company did an amazing job at dividing and conquering. There was a 
group of us who looked at the budgets, looked at the expenses in the business and did an amazing job with fiscal 
discipline and control. 

There was another group of us who said how is this economic environment impacting, what the customer is going to 
want to experience and going to want to buy. And I think that the improvement that you saw from quarter-to-quarter 
and the tremendous fourth quarter is really a result of the use of creativity to reconnect with the customer. 

So this is not – the creative manifestation doesn't just happen with new brands. It happens with the rebirth of each of 
our brands, quite frankly almost every day. We have many sayings in this organization. One is that, the only thing that's 
constant is change. Another thing, if you look in the rear view mirror more than once, every seven seconds, you get into 
a car accident. Nothing is more boring than last year's bestseller. 

I mean, we are an organization who constantly moves forward and redefines ourselves and we're true to Dick's vision 
from decades ago. But it's the concept vision, it's not the vision – the execution vision. That has to change. 

We drive our business with newness, not with price. And just to build on what you said, it is – there are so many fun 
things about working for this company, but probably the most fun thing is working with the creative folks in this 
organization, because, it's – they are absolute best-of-class, and if we kind of manage the creative process properly, 
they just drive tremendous value for the organization and that's what we're seeing. 

<Q - Richard Jaffe>: Thank you. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Liz Dunn of Thomas Weisel Partners. 
<Q - Liz Dunn>: Oh, hello. Let me add my congratulations. 
<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Liz. 



<Q - Liz Dunn>: My question is can you address your long-term top line growth specifically in light of slowing 
domestic store growth and what specific impact is expected from direct? How does Europe fit into your 45 openings for 
2010 and then how should Europe ramp post 2010? 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, Liz we've talked about this publicly. So I'll kind of reiterate what 
I've said. We have four key objectives. The first objective is continuing to drive four-wall productivity. And as I've said 
in the prepared remarks, it's pretty staggering, but if we can average the 7% comp for the next 10 years, like we've 
averaged for the last 10 years, we'll drive 1.2 billion of incremental revenue to the top line. And you all listening to this 
call understand the profitability of that $1.2 billion of revenue. 

We have many strategies for doing that. Strategies revolving around getting the right product in the right place at the 
right time, in the right price. And that relates to sourcing strategies, planning and allocation strategies and so on. Our 
second kind of area with driving retail productivity relates to store design and site selection. Our third is store 
operations and the fourth and probably the most impactful is the database that will allow us to manage our retail 
business with a much higher level of optics than we have today. So that's number one. 

Number two is e-commerce. I don't want to limit how big a business – how much of our business e-commerce can be. 
If you asked me five or eight years ago, if it could be more than 20% of the business, I probably would have said no. 
Last year, internally, we were saying it would be somewhere between 20 to 30% in all likelihood. Today, we're not 
going to limit it to 30%, it could be more than 30%. We're just going to keep doing everything we can do to drive that 
business. We have internal goals that are very, very aggressive. 

International, as I've said in my prepared comments, we have every indication based on the success of Urban Outfitters 
and the launch of Anthropologie that we can be as profitable as we need to be in Europe. Also based on the research 
we've done in the Far East, we think the same holds true for there. 

So we are going as quickly as we can in Europe. Andrew has done a great job laying the infrastructure, which we need 
to have in place before we put the pedal to the metal so to speak. But I think you'll see us start to open stores more 
quickly there and you'll certainly see us ramp up our e-commerce business very aggressively in Europe and other parts 
of the world. 

And then lastly, new brands. As I've said in the prepared comments, something that Dick and the Board and I and the 
senior team here feel unbelievably passionate about is this idea that scarcity creates value. We never want any one of 
our brands to become so big that they lose their specialness in the customers' minds. And as a result, we absolutely 
need additional brands to achieve our URBN objectives. 

So we now with Wedding, that's our sixth brand, as I've said, I think we need a 10-year plan, we need six to eight 
meaningful brands. So I don't know, I don't want to give – I'll give a range on what meaningful means. I'd say not less 
than $500 million and probably more than $1 billion. And that's potential, not actual results in 10 years. So we're very, 
very committed to launching these brands that all share a URBN sensibility, DNA, business approach and so on. 

So these four overall growth objectives are something that we've talked about continually. There's probably not a 
person, an employee in the organization who doesn't know about these. I blog about them, we have brown bag lunches 
about them, and people are very, very excited about them. 

<Q - Liz Dunn>: Good, but can you tell us specifically the European openings for 2010? 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: No. What I would say, and again, I'm cheating. I'm answering a second 
question, which I promised not to do. 

<Q - Liz Dunn>: [inaudible]. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: But what we said in the release is that the general Urban and 
Anthropologie will open in the teens and Free People slightly less than that. And those teen openings are on a global 
basis, not on a North American basis. 


<Q - Liz Dunn>: Okay, thanks. Good luck. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Dana Telsey of Telsey Advisory Group. 

<Q - Dana Telsey>: Good afternoon, everyone, and congratulations. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Dana. 

<Q - Dana Telsey>: The growth initiatives are exciting, whether it's the new wedding concept, Europe. How do you 
see the financial impact of that on the business, whether in capital spending or management talent that you need to add 
and sales potential? And Terrain, how did that do this year as one of the growth initiatives? Thank you. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: I'll lobby that over to Eric. 

<A - Eric Artz>: I think, I'd just refer back to the comments in previous discussions where John highlighted that we 
thought the investment in new initiatives cost us in fiscal '10 about $0.03 a share. As we look to fiscal '11, obviously 
some of those initiatives as they build up some steam are doing better, and then we're coming on behind it with things 
like Wedding and investing there. So I think, on an ongoing basis as well, the $0.03 number is directionally correct for 
fiscal '11. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: And then Terrain, Dana, as I said in the prepared comments, we were 
really pleased with the comp performance in the fourth quarter and it got better and better within the fourth quarter, and 
there is a lot of momentum in the business. I think the group is still in the heavy learning phase. When I say that, it 
reminds me of Anthropologie. I'll remind everyone on the call, Anthropologie didn't break even for three years and the 
way Anthropologie looks today is nothing like Anthropologie looked when it started. 

And that was a very iterative process of testing, testing, learning, responding. And that's what the Terrain group is 
doing right now, but we're very, very pleased with the way the customer is reacting to the store. 

<Q - Dana Telsey>: Thank you. 

<A - Eric Artz>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Stacy Pak of SP Research. 

<Q - Stacy Pak>: Hi, guys. Thanks. Can you talk some more about just the whole systems side of things and how that 
should unfold in 2010 and 2011 specifically right product to the right place at the right price at the right time, the 
allocation, the database, the site selection, that kind of stuff? Thanks. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, and so I'll ask Calvin to answer that question. 

<A - Calvin Hollinger>: Hi, Stacy. This is Calvin. So a couple of things, the right product, right place, we have just 
deployed an assortment planning system. Anthropologie with the exception of the home category has rolled it out, 
Urban is now piloting and rolling it out as well. So it's good to see some results from the assortment planning system. 

Glen, mentioned TradeStone, our PLM system. I'm happy to report we're now in the roll out phase. We have some 
domestic vendors on that. And in two weeks, we're coming over to Asia to get all about own brands manufacturers on 
TradeStone as well that will give us some increased visibility on the logistics side. We expect to have all of our vendors 
on that by about Q3, Q4 or a great portion of that to get help with whole weeks of supply. 


The customer cross-channel database as Glen mentioned give a cross-channel view of the customer. We are on track to 
roll it out towards the end of the year. I'm hopeful that we'll get it out at the late part of Q3. I'm not sure if it will have a 
significant – or any impact on Q4 would be doubtful. We are on track rolling it out as well. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Single SKU. 

<A - Calvin Hollinger>: Single SKU. A huge initiative to get to a single SKU between our retail and our direct 
channel. That is on track. We are hoping to get our first brand, Leifsdottir up on single SKU in the second quarter 
followed by Free People and then have all brands on single SKU by next year. What that gives us is the ability to be 
able to fulfill demand, to bill stock in the store, to fulfill that demand from a different store or from the online channel 
and conversely if we have a demand online that we can order it online, pick it up in the store or fulfill from a different 
fulfillment center. So, again huge capabilities. We hope to begin seeing that impact sometime next year. 

<Q - Stacy Pak>: Okay. And then just so I understand the assortment planning, you said it's rolled to Anthro now and 
where are you with Urban and then how does that impact that you talked about, how does that unfold to 2010 in terms 
of the numbers? 

<A - Calvin Hollinger>: So again, Anthropologie just has begun rolling it out with the exception of the home category. 
Urban I expect will have all the classes rolled out in the next couple of months. I think it's too early to discuss what the 
impact it will have. It will provide us a better assortment of planning and buying decision across the brands. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: I mean this is something that I'm happy to talk about with people 
offline. It's one of my favorite subjects. And I think having been a buyer a million years ago and the divisional 
merchant and manager and so on. I am very passionate about how this new system is going to be able to help us make 
much better decisions. So I'm happy to talk about any of this with any of you offline. 

<Q - Stacy Pak>: That's great. Thank you. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Stacy. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Barbara Wyckoff of Jesup & Lamont. 

<Q - Barbara Wyckoff>: Hi, everyone. Great Job. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Barbara. 

<Q - Barbara Wyckoff>: You've been so strong in footwear, accessories across all brands. I'm wondering if there is an 
opportunity to open small box stores in select locations where these classifications are highlighted without apparel or 
whatever. And I know anyway, just it was a thought I had. And then if you could talk a little bit about real estate 
strategy and Free People. Where do the Free People stores do best, I know the productivity is very, very high, but is 
there much of a difference where you have a big wholesale business in the same mall in a Bloomingdales or a 
Nordstrom or someone like that. Could you just talk a little bit about sort of crossover business? 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Barbara, that sounds like two questions. 

<Q - Barbara Wyckoff>: I tried to make it all with one period at the end. Figured at the end of call I could squeeze 
one in. Thanks, sorry. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: I used to do that in English class and I always got a bad grade when I 
did that. Okay, so we're looking at many new concept ideas. And we do have a wonderful accessory business in all of 
our brands and we have dabbled with the idea of pulling that out and doing something different with it. What I can say 
is what I've publicly said, we're very excited about going after the shoe and handbag business at Leifsdottir. And I think 
that will be our first entrée into a kind of serious shoe and handbag business. 


With regard to Free People, I don't want to give too much detail. I think that their productivity of the Free People stores 
is great. Like our other brands, we have great stores and not so great stores. There is absolutely no relationship between 
our wholesale distribution and our retail performance. If anything I'd say there is a positive relationship and that's 
probably what other people talk about I'd expect. And as we said on the last call, given the momentum in the business. 
We had every intention of getting back to a regular opening cycle with Free People. 

<Q - Barbara Wyckoff>: Okay, great. Thanks, good luck. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Sharon Zackfia of William Blair. 

<Q - Sharon Zackfia>: Hi it's actually, Sharon Zackfia. I wanted to follow-up on the Anthro program. I think it's been 
around now for close to 18 months. It feels like there's still some opportunity there to optimize that further. Can you 
talk about how successful you think it's been and where it goes from here? 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, Sharon the frustration and we talked about this on prior calls is 
that the third-party service provider that we're using to help manage the database isn't able to give us the kind of 
accessibility and maneuverability that we want. So we – I think it is fair to say we've had a fantastic sign up. Wendy 
what do we have now, how many names? 

<A>: Over 100,000. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: No way it's well over a million. 

<A>: We're over a million. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. It's well over a million. I can get to you offline, Sharon and but it 

– I think it's around 1.3 million at this point. We have great ID – what we do the customers love, but we're really not 
able to do a lot, which is why we're so anxious to get our cross-channel database up and running, which Calvin 
continues to assure me will be sometime in the third quarter – end of third quarter of this year. 
So we're just a few months away, and I think once we have it, we'll be able to do the kind of things that we always 
envision doing, and let me remind everyone, it's not a loyalty program. The way we think about it in all of our brands is 
the more we know about our customers, the more we can do for our customers. Personalization is one of the biggest 
trends in technology right now, and what this database will allow us to do is personalize the experience, the offer, the 
communication on a customer-by-customer basis and that's the big win with the Anthro program and when the other 
brands roll out similar programs. 

<Q - Sharon Zackfia>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Erika Maschmeyer of Robert W. Baird. 

<Q - Erika Maschmeyer>: Thanks and congrats again on a great quarter. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

<Q - Erika Maschmeyer>: Could you talk about your management structure and remind us of your 

most pressing near-term hires? 


<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Well the – obviously, Eric is on the call and we've issued an 
announcement about, Eric what six or eight weeks ago. And I think what we have said now is we suspended the COO 
search. So, Eric is serving as CFO, Freeman Zausner, who is in the room with us is serving as Chief Administrative 
Officer and reporting into Freeman is real estate, technology and talent. And, John is handling all Investor Relations. 

Glen Bodzy has been our Counsel, in-house Counsel and has been with us for over a decade and does a superb job. 
Underneath, Freeman, we have Calvin Hollinger handling all technology, David Ziel handling all development, Bill 
Cody handling talent. All three of them do an absolutely exceptional job. 

In the brands, we have Andrew McLean obviously in Europe, Freeman is looking at me, who am I forgetting Freeman? 
Okay, we – in the brands I just announced that we promoted Wendy and Wendy to be Co-President of Anthropologie. 
We also have James Bidwell as Managing Director of Anthropologie Europe. For Urban Outfitters, obviously we have 
Ted. 

Reporting to Ted, we have Hugh Bidwell who runs – sorry Hugh Wahla – sorry, who runs Urban Europe, Meg Hayne 
runs Free People, Claire Schultze runs Leifsdottir. We're about to announce someone – a head for the wedding concept. 
Terrain, John Kinsella, who am I missing guys? Barbara Rozsas who's not in the room. So out of sight, out of mind, 
sorry, Barb, I think you're on the call somewhere, our Chief Sourcing Director who has been with us also I think 13 
years. So we have a really – I'd say it's a very, very complete team. 

You know Jim Brett left us early in or midway through last year. Jim was our Chief Merchandising Officer. We have 
Sun Chou, who is our Head Merchant for the Urban brand and is doing a terrific job. But we are planning on filling 
Jim's job and I expect we'll have an announcement on that in the near future. 

And other than that, we certainly – I think we have including planned redundancies, something like 400 people that we 
have to get hired this year. But I wouldn't say there is anything pressing. And again when I – this gives me an 
opportunity to just thank the organization, many of whom are probably listening to this call. This company is amazing. 
These people in this company are amazing. I don't do this. This organization delivered this result and it's an amazing 
group. We have a broad and deep bench strength in this company. 

<Q - Erika Maschmeyer>: Thanks. Good luck for Q1. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Roxanne Meyer of UBS. 

<Q - Roxanne Meyer>: Great. Thank you. And let me add my congratulations. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Roxanne. 

<Q - Roxanne Meyer>: Glen, I was wondering if you could share your insights on your consumer and her ability and 
more so her appetite to spend. I mean obviously you mentioned she is seeking special and that's what you're all about. 
But I'm also wondering to what extent you think there is just pent-up demand versus your view of the opportunity for 
sustainable spending? And I guess as part of that, are you able to give us a progression of maybe monthly average 
transaction size or metrics that would show as we moved from the fall through the holiday to February that her appetite 
is really coming back? 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, Roxanne, I think for by and large, I don't think we've returned to 
2007. And everyone who is listening to this call probably know much more about that than I do. So I don't think we're 
out at the woods. I think the difference between today and a year ago is that there is more stability. I mean, none of us 
knew what was going to happen a year-ago. We all – those of us who have any kind of savings saw our savings 
accounts just go down by 50%. We had property, many of us had real estate issues where we were under water. And I 


think that has quieted down a bit. So I think people have more of a sense of certainty. But I don't think that spending is 
going to return to 2007 levels. 

And I tend to think about things simply, because I think it's easier to get things done when you simplify. I keep saying 
if a customer spent 100 bucks on an average outing in 2007, she is spending 90 bucks today. So we have to be 10 or 
11% better than we were in 2007 to be flat. 

And I think we have to be 15 or 20% better to be comp positive. And that's how we think about it internally. We just – 
we as a company, we don't talk about weather, we don't talk about the economy. We have a – just a culture of constant 
growth. And we will grow or we will endeavor to grow, however we need to. And we just had to be better. I think I 
spoke either on the last earnings call or the one before that about the customer is more discriminating, she is. 

She has more off-price merchandise available to her. I think a lot of the off-price retailers have done a great job. She 
has more information available than ever and she is using the Internet to make brick and mortar decisions now, so she 
can shop price easily. 

We just have to be better. We have to offer better product and a better experience. And I think that's what we did, and I 
think that's why we had a good fourth quarter. And I don't think that's going to change any time soon. I think we're 
going be years before we get back to the confidence levels that we had in 2006, 2007. 

<Q - Roxanne Meyer>: Okay, great. Thanks for that insight and best of luck. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Laura Champine of Cowen Group. 

<Q - Laura Champine>: Hi, Glen. I wondered if you could talk just a little bit more about the wedding concept, who 
thought of it, who's running it. What you think the opportunity is there, why now? 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. A lot of our ideas, and I'll remind everyone, Free People 
wholesale was given birth by the Urban Outfitters Group. And then Anthropologie was given birth by Free People. So 
Leifsdottir was given birth by Anthropologie, Terrain was given birth by Dick. So we have a flurry of ideas in this 
organization all the time, and we talk about things all the time and we listen to each other and there is quite frankly – 
there is just a lot of internal enthusiasm where there initially was a lot of internal enthusiasm around the idea of 
Wedding. Now it just so happens that in especially at Free People on the Anthropologie, a lot of bridesmaids, or people 
going to weddings shop those brands for wedding dresses, accessories and so on. 

So not only we hear about it internally, we also hear about it from our customers. So that was kind of a stage one. Stage 
two, is we begin to do due diligence and most of you probably know something about the wedding industry, it's and I'm 
doing this from memory. So Wendy, tell me yes or no if I get this wrong, but I think it's roughly about a $60 billion 
business. 

I think the average spend in North America on a wedding is about $45,000. I think the average bride spends about 
$6,500 all-in including her clothing – $4,500 all-in including her clothing. So and that's the average. That's not the kind 
of customer that we reach. So we've done a lot of research, we've spoken to a lot of people about it and like everything 
we do, we try to marry art and gut. We think this is going to be a meaningful business there's a – anyone we talk to 
about this goes, wow that sounds exciting. 

So we think it's going to be meaningful, but you know what, the customer is going to tell us. So we're going to be very, 
very careful and methodical and conservative in how we launch it and the customer is going to show us the way just as 
she is with Terrain and Leifsdottir right now. And back to Barbara Wyckoff's question. We have a lot of ideas in this 
company. There are a lot of creative people and there are a lot of kind of things that people have to say and I'm sure 
you will see more, more good ideas come out of this company. 


Patty , did we lose you? 

Operator 

No, I'm still here. Our next question comes from Holly Guthrie of Boenning & Scattergood. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Hi, Holly. 

<Q - Holly Guthrie>: Hi Glen. Hi, John and Eric. Thank you so much for all the information and again just a great 
quarter. Congratulations. Just one quick clarification on Merkle. I think you said that you're going to roll it out in Q3. 
Does that mean that all the data mining will be done and you'll be rolling out to use it in Q3 for Q4. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: I'll give that off to Calvin. 

<A - Calvin Hollinger>: Hi, Holly, Calvin. So by end of Q2, we'll have the database built and loaded with all the 
customer information. From there going forward all transactions both online and retail flow into the database. Fields on 
top of the customer database we will have all the data mining tools, so we can do the analysis and all the campaign 
management. So at the end of Q3, we have all the data on the tools in place to begin mining, running campaigns and 
measuring the effectiveness of those campaigns. So we'll begin starting Q3, end of Q3. 

<Q - Holly Guthrie>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Marni Shapiro of Retail Tracker. 

<Q - Marni Shapiro>: Hey, guys. Congratulations and for all those people that asked more than one question. I'm 
going to take mine offline. And just say congratulations. And, Glen, I'd like to know who can throw a wedding for 
$4,500 because I think that's like the average cost of a dress these days? 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Marni, that's just the clothing, the wedding cost was 45,000. But these 
are also national averages. Marni, there's nothing average that's about just you – there's nothing average about you. 

<Q - Marni Shapiro>: There's nothing average about New York and the East Coast. Guys, thank you and congrats. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. We're not talking about you, Marni. You're a great customer. 

<Q - Marni Shapiro>: Take care. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Randy Konik of Jefferies. 

<Q - Randal Konik>: Yeah, thanks a lot. Glen, I just want to go back to your comments on IMU, you think they can 
move higher. Can you just talk about what you're going to – what areas you're going to try and do to move that higher, 
you're looking to consolidate some of the vendor base or what have you? Can you just give us a little more color and 
detail on that? Thanks. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. Randy, it's a lot of the work that Barbara and the merchant teams 
and design teams have been doing. But we expect to see continued upside. So it's all of the above, it's being smarter 
about how we buy fabric, the number of fabrics that we use, it's being smarter about our vendor base, it's being smarter 
about the way we develop product, it's being smarter about the way we move product, how much we air, how much we 


ship. It's being smarter about how we communicate to our factories. So really all of the above, I mean every part of the 
product development process impacts product cost. 

The other new thing we're doing this year is adding engineers to Barbara's group, so that we can have a much more 
robust database as to what we paid for things in the past and really kind of engineer the cost right down to the – 
fractions of a cent. Those of you who negotiate, most of you know that an educated negotiator is a good negotiator. So 
the more information that the product group has at their fingertips, I think the better they'll be able to do. 

Long-term, really what you want to do is negotiate a margin agreement with your suppliers, you don't want to negotiate 
on – you just want the cost to be the cost and agree on what the markup is going to be. So I'm sure, we'll get there at 
some point. 

<Q - Randal Konik>: Can I just ask you, if we're moving the gross margins up, do you think it would come more from 
the IMU moving up or the markdown moving lower? 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: I think much like this past quarter, probably roughly equal opportunity. 

<Q - Randal Konik>: Okay, thanks. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Howard Tubin of RBC Capital Markets. 

<Q - Howard Tubin>: Thanks guys. Just a question on international. Glen, do you have an idea in your head of how 
large you want that business to be as a percent of your total eventually over time? 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Howard, I have an idea but I think it's – and that idea I'd say is 
somewhere between 25 to 35% and that's worldwide. But I think that it's too early for us to tell. We know and I said 
this on prior calls that the size of market in Europe is actually slightly larger than the size of the market in America, it's 
just much more fragmented. So we don't expect to have a business in Europe that's equal to our American business. But 
it's absolutely going to be a meaningful number. It's not going to be five or 10%. 

<Q - Howard Tubin>: Thank you very much. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Dana Telsey of Telsey Advisory Group. 
<Q - Dana Telsey>: The question was answered. Thank you. 
<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Dana. 


Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Patty, we're having technology difficulties. So we're relying on you. 
Does that mean we're done? 

Operator 


Thank you. We do have two more questions. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. 

Operator 

Thank you. Maggie Gilliam of Gilliam & Company. Your line is open. 

<Q - Margaret Gilliam>: Thank you. You mentioned a worldwide Internet. I was wondering to what extent you were 
really trying to develop it. It seems to me you've got first mover advantage or will have very quickly in social media 
and mobile technology and are you planning on reaching parts to the world where you don't have a physical presence 
and may never have a physical presence? 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, Maggie. So for example, the brands have done an amazing job in 
Australia in the last couple of months and we've done quite a bit of business there. And I don't want to give percentages 
out, but I would say the amount of – Free People really did a great job in driving international direct business and 
David who runs the business really pushed on this. And it was not a small part of their business last year. So I think that 
there is opportunity for us to sell our goods around the world. Another initiative for Calvin, which he didn't talk about 
is getting Europe on the same operating platform, same web platforms that we are on in America and I guess Calvin, 
we're about a year and a half away from that? 

<A - Calvin Hollinger>: One and a half to two years. Yeah. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: One and a half to two years. So we definitely have a global view on 
this. And hopefully, there is not a part of the world that we won't be able to access virtually in the next couple of years. 

<Q - Margaret Gilliam>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our final question comes from David Weiner of Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - David Weiner>: Great, thanks. And thanks for taking my call. Just a question on the foreign businesses. Kind of 
longer term as you start to invest and open up new stores and develop a web presence, is there anything structurally 
about the foreign business, again longer term, that would preclude you from getting comparable operating margins to 
the domestic business here in the U.S? Thanks. 

<A - Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, David. All I can say at this point, I know what we've 
experienced internally. And I speak to a lot of people who have international businesses. Internally, we're not on par 
yet, although, Hugh has made a lot of improvement in the last couple of years and the Anthropologie business started at 
a profit, literally four-wall profit, in the first month it opened. So we made a lot of progress there. But what I can tell 
you is the people that I speak with who have international experience, Eric who just joined us, his predecessor company 
was 25% international. 

Most people I speak to are actually more profitable internationally than they are in North America. So that's not true for 
us, but we're very motivated by that knowledge and we're working very hard to kind of uncover all of the opportunities. 

As, Eric said earlier, the next couple of years is absolutely going to be about investments. Let me remind everyone that 
virtually everything we do in Europe is done through third-party service providers. And that's typically more expensive 
and not as good as when you do it yourself. So we are very methodically bringing all of the things that we do in-house 
in America like logistics and systems in-house in Europe over the next couple of years. So it will be a phase of 
investment, but we believe we'll have good returns on those investments. 

<Q - David Weiner>: Okay, great. Great color. Thank you. 


Glen T. Senk, Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you. So again, we've had a little bit of technology challenges here. So we can't see who is still on the call. But I 
just want to thank everyone for being with us, great questions today. And as always, thanks for your support. We look 
forward to seeing you all. Have a great day. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may all 
disconnect. Everyone have a great day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2010, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


