Q2 2015 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• James Bombassei 
• Philippe Pierre Dauman 
• Wade Davis 
• Thomas E. Dooley 
Other Participants 

• John Janedis 
• Douglas Mitchelson 
• Michael B. Nathanson 
• Alexia S. Quadrani 
• Bryan Kraft 
• Rich S. Greenfield 
• Benjamin E. Mogil 
• Vasily D. Karasyov 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Viacom Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Release Teleconference. Today's call 
is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Jim 
Bombassei. Please go ahead, sir. 

James Bombassei 

Good morning, everyone, and thank you for taking the time to join us for our March quarter earnings call. Listening 
from Los Angeles is our Chairman, Sumner Redstone, and joining us in New York are: Philippe Dauman, our President 
and CEO; Tom Dooley, our Chief Operating Officer; and Wade Davis, our Chief Financial Officer. 

Please note that in addition to our press release, we have slides and trending schedules containing supplemental 
information available on our website. I want to refer you to page number two in the Web presentation and remind you 
that certain statements made on this call are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. These risks 
and uncertainties are discussed in more detail in our filings with the SEC. 

Today's remarks will focus on adjusted results. Reconciliations for non-GAAP financial information discussed on this 
call could be found in our earnings release or on our website. And now, I'll turn the call over to Philippe. 

Philippe Pierre Dauman 

Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us to discuss the second quarter of our 2015 fiscal 
year. Viacom continued to successfully execute on our strategy this quarter, and made significant changes to better 
align Viacom's operations with new opportunities in our industry around the world. 


First, let's take a look at our financial performance in the quarter. Revenues declined 3% to $3.08 billion, as increases 
in Media Networks revenues were more than offset by the declines in Filmed Entertainment and the impact of foreign 
exchange. Absent an unfavorable 2% impact of foreign exchange, overall revenues declined 1%. Quarterly adjusted 
operating income declined 6%, and adjusted net earnings were $467 million. Adjusted earnings per share increased by 
7% to $1.16, the highest ever for our March quarter. 

Advertising revenues increased 4% in the quarter. Domestic ad sales at our Media Networks declined 5% compared to 
last year, due primarily to lower ratings. International ad sales grew 80%, due largely to the contributions of Channel 5 
in the UK. Affiliate revenues rose 3%, domestic affiliate revenues rose 5%, more than offsetting a decline in 
international affiliate revenues that was driven by the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange. 

Results in the quarter included a $784 million charge related to our previously announced strategic realignment 
designed to better capture the opportunities in a changing market and achieve significant, strategic, and operational 
improvements. Earlier this month, we also announced a temporary pause in the buyback to ensure that we continue to 
operate within our leveraged target. We remain strongly committed to returning value to shareholders, and as we also 
announced earlier, expect that we will resume the buyback no later than the start of our next fiscal year. 

As has been our practice the last several years, we also intend to recommend an increase in our dividend when our 
board convenes at the end of next month. Turning back to the realignment, among the changes we made was the 
reorganization of four domestic Media Networks divisions into three groups with outstanding leadership and a 
simplified structure that realigns sales, marketing, creative and support functions, increases efficiencies in program and 
product development, enhances opportunities to share expertise, and promotes greater cross-channel marketing and 
programming activity. 

At Paramount, we reduced overhead and infrastructure related to international home entertainment by entering into a 
partnership to distribute our DVD and Blu-ray product overseas. In addition, we reallocated resources throughout the 
company to expand our capabilities in data analysis, technology development, and research, which are the key to 
success in a rapidly changing marketplace. Our strategic realignment will generate substantial cost savings. We expect 
to realize $175 million in net savings through the end of fiscal 2015, and achieve an annual run rate of $350 million in 
net savings, starting in the next fiscal year. 

As you know, many of Viacom's brands are most popular among younger, digital-native demos and we have stepped 
up to the challenge that these early adopters present. We are moving rapidly to fully align ourselves and our partners 
with the consumption preferences and the entertainment experiences that our audiences demand. 

Make no mistake, these changes are part of a far-reaching strategy to transform Viacom into a creatively centered, fully 
multi-platform content company. We were among the first in our industry to call out the transformational shifts that we 
saw on the horizon. We were among the first to join with existing and new distribution partners to explore innovative 
new platforms. We were among the first to transform our programming in ways that recognized and embraced the new 
pathways to discovery and fandom that define the behavior of our young audiences. We were among the first to deeply 
embed data insights into our core operations and use those insights to accelerate the transformation of how advertising 
is measured and monetized. In many of these important areas, we are well ahead of the industry. In fact, our advance in 
proprietary data insights are already producing innovative deals with major advertisers with many more in the pipeline. 

As we have discussed previously, we are moving away as rapidly as possible from traditional methods of measurement 
and towards a more meaningful and powerful dynamic intelligence platform that enables our marketing partners to tap 
into the unique cultural connections our content has with the consumers they want to reach. Our Velocity and Echo ad 
initiatives as well as the recently launched Viacom Vantage are leading the way and redefining how advertisers connect 
with our audiences and, more fundamentally, how ratings success will be defined in the coming television landscape. 
I'll talk about the transformational promise of Viacom Vantage in a moment, but first, I'd like to take a moment to talk 
more specifically about the shifts we see in the programming marketplace and how Viacom is prepared to capitalize on 
these opportunities. 


Our distribution relationships remain broad and strong. We have long-term agreements with most of our major 
distributors. We look forward to successfully concluding negotiations with those partners whose agreements are up 
sooner. As I mentioned earlier, advances in technology provide even more options for television subscribers and 
although the path can be complicated, we are finding a great deal of common ground with MVPDs in working with 
them on flexible, digital delivery. 

Consumption is changing in a variety of ways and at levels we haven't seen before. Audiences are looking for new, 
high-quality content and have an expectation to watch and interact with it on their schedule and on the device of their 
choosing. In addition, as mentioned earlier, marketers are becoming increasingly interested in the opportunities that 
data provides to reach their consumers in more focused and more effective ways. 

As you know, we have been filling our Media Networks pipeline with unique, high-quality programming that is 
positioned for success in this environment. Massive culture-defining event tentpoles like the VMAs, the BET 
Experience, and Nickelodeon's Kids' Choice Awards; cinematic series such as MTV's Teen Wolf and the highly 
anticipated Tut and Scream; and programming like Broad City and Lip Sync Battle with monetizable digital footprints 
exponentially larger than their substantial television viewership. 

And while we are thriving on new platforms, our channels continue to show strength in the traditional linear television 
world. On a Nielsen basis this past quarter, we are the number one cable network family among viewers 2 to 49, 18 to 
49, and two-plus, among other demos. And Viacom leads with 8 of the top 30 cable networks with viewers 18 to 49. 
And as I noted in previous calls, we have also set a goal to grow our non-Nielsen dependent ad revenues from 30% 
today to 50% in three years. We continue to make progress on that path, with industry-leading marketing and data 
capabilities that build on our deep knowledge of audiences and consumer behavior, and a goal of exceptional value for 
marketers. 

Viacom Vantage, for example, delivers unmatched audience intelligence for television advertisers, providing insights 
and targeting that go far beyond the traditional age and gender benchmarks of legacy rating systems. This unique 
approach integrates our own robust portfolio of first-party data with data from multiple third-party sources, creating 
targeting programs that give advertisers the precision to customize the audience they want to reach, and clear guidance 
to pinpoint what shows best deliver the highest concentration of that target audiences. While others are beginning their 
data journey, Viacom Vantage has already successfully piloted with several major advertisers and that list is growing as 
we engage in upfront discussions. 

And this is just the first step. As the distribution technology improves and large scale dynamic ad insertion becomes a 
commercial reality, targeting will become more sophisticated, leading to individually targeted advertising across every 
platform where Viacom content appears. We are happy that the industry is following our lead. Our programming 
thrives on digital and VoD platforms. 

For example, our programming accounts for 26% of all on-demand viewing on MVPD platforms. And several of our 
programs, most recently Key & Peele, have each generated more than 1 billion lifetime digital streams. This means we 
have tremendous revenue upside and are poised to lead the charge into this exciting new era of data-driven, 
results-based advertising. 

I'll give you an example. Comedy Central's Broad City is one of the network's new success stories. In the quarter, the 
series maintained its strong Nielsen ratings from its debut season one year ago. Season two was number one in its time 
slot across all television for men 18 to 34, and up 21% with women 18 to 34. As important, its digital growth was 
explosive. Total digital video streams across all platforms were up by a multiple of 10, with 7 million streams 
originating on Viacom-owned platforms alone. Its viewing on cable VoD was up 55% over last year. We're thrilled 
with the response and the opportunity for data-driven marketing, and the monetization that follows is growing. 

The Comedy Central Roast of Justin Bieber was another strong linear performance, supplemented by record-setting 
digital success. The Roast was number one in critical demos, adults 18 to 24, and 18 to 34. And it represented the best 
day in a decade for Comedy Central among women 18 to 34. On digital, the Bieber Roast generated 26 million streams 
on Viacom sites and apps, with more than 400,000 live streams and it drove the highest single day of downloads for the 


Comedy Central app. On social platforms, this one program generated approximately 7 billion impressions. 

Overall, Comedy Central continues to hit its stride with strong talent, aggressive distribution, and a commitment to let 
programming find its rhythm and succeed. The network currently has the three highest rated late night talk shows 
among men 18 to 34 in all of television, including broadcast. The Nightly Show and @midnight are already proven 
successes, and we are looking forward to the final three months of Jon Stewart on The Daily Show and to Trevor Noah 
bringing his distinct take to a new generation of Daily Show viewers. 

Spike is also on a hot streak with the monster-hit Lip Sync Battle, which premiered the beginning of the current quarter 
and has already been renewed with fantastic talent fighting to participate in future episodes. Including DVR playback, 
the series averages 3.2 million viewers per episode, and has driven millions of streams across our owned and operated 
digital properties and over 120 million digital clip views on all platforms. The series premiere was number one in its 
time slot with adults 18 to 49, and the second most watched telecast for Spike ever. 

We've also been successful syndicating the series on other Viacom networks. Aggregating viewership on Spike, MTV, 
and BET, Lip Sync Battle captured approximately 40 million Nielsen viewers for the first five episodes. Lip Sync 
Battle also is delivering on Spike's new broader audience strategy that looks beyond the brand's core male 
demographic. The show brought 1.5 million women to the network, a large number of whom did not previously watch 
Spike, and certain episodes delivered a predominantly-female audience. 

Our investment in Spike's new positioning will become even more evident in the months ahead. We're developing 
high-quality programming with big stars and great production values. The network's highly anticipated epic 
mini-series, Tut, premieres in July and advertising has already completely sold out. 

And the pipeline is full. Among the series and mini-series currently in development, we have Pierce Brosnan's 
Crusaders, War At The Shore, Red Mars, and the recently announced Harvest executive produced by Jerry 
Bruckheimer. Of course, we're continuing to build on the network's reality successes. Ink Master, Catch a Contractor, 
and Bar Rescue have all been strong performers for the network and they're all coming back soon. 

Nickelodeon was once again number one in kids 2 to 11, driving success with long-time hits and innovative new 
programming. Bella and the Bulldogs joins Saturday night's very strong lineup, and was the top show for kids 6 to 11. 
In preschool, Blaze and the Monster Machines, and Paw Patrol are driving rating success with consumer products not 
far behind. 

Nickelodeon launched Harvey Beaks and Make It Pop to strong starts, and wrapped-up the quarter with another 
outstanding Kids' Choice Awards and maintained the tentpole strong ratings track record. And the Teenage Mutant 
Ninja Turtles continue to thrive with the number one boys' consumer products property and a new movie already in 
production that will take the franchise to a whole new level. 

Kids love watching our programming on TV. In fact, Nickelodeon brands reached more kids 2 to 11 every Saturday 
morning than YouTube does in a month and there's a lot on deck as we move forward into this new quarter and beyond. 
Nickelodeon will launch a new live action series, 100 Things To Do Before High School. A movie special for this new 
property aired to great response in the fall, and we are very optimistic about its series run. 

This summer, we are premiering 20 brand new SpongeBob episodes and the second annual Kids' Choice Sports 
Awards hosted by Seahawks' quarterback Russell Wilson. As I mentioned on the last call, Nickelodeon recently 
launched its Noggin over-the-top app, an innovative new way to connect with our audience. It has been very well 
received by the consumers. 

In the March quarter, MTV saw the successful returns of its hit scripted drama, Finding Carter and the newest 
installment of the Teen Mom franchise. At its upfront presentation last week in New York, the network unveiled a new 
programming slate of ten new and nine returning series and previewed some of its more than 100 projects currently in 
development. Among the highlights are MTV's television series reinvention of the horror film franchise, Scream, 
premiering June 30; and its ambitious sci-fi fantasy series, The Shannara Chronicles, which is currently in production 
in New Zealand under Executive Producer Jon Favreau. 


At the other end of the development spectrum, MTV is increasing its output of format-driven comedy series like the 
recently renewed Broke A$$ Game Show and the forthcoming animation showcase, Greatest Party Story Ever. Series 
like these are topical and highly clippable, enabling them to migrate well into the mobile and social spaces. 

This migration and all of MTV's multi-screen programming are powered by the engine of its growing Always On 
initiative. Through Always On, MTV continues to harness the power of its more than 220 million social media fans, 
and all the data we collect from those connections to create content across platforms in real time, bring greater urgency 
and topicality to the brand, and offer new, innovative, advertiser opportunities. 

Perhaps the most exciting sustained growth opportunity for Viacom is our rapidly-expanding international Media 
Networks business. We are dramatically expanding our footprint and building major businesses across every continent. 
Our newest brand, the UK's Channel 5, continue to outperform other commercial free-to-air UK networks in the second 
fiscal quarter of 2015, with its share of viewers 16 to 34 increasing 7% over the previous year. In fact, Channel 5 was 
also the only major commercial network in the UK to grow share in the quarter, building on its strong competitive 
performance in 2014. 

Spike, our next global television brand, successfully launched in the UK this month. Spike UK's first night average was 
nine times higher than the last comparable channel launch on free-to-air TV, Turner's truTV. Since the launch, a total 
of 7 million viewers have tuned in to watch Spike UK. The UK is an important market for Viacom, with significant 
opportunities for growth. It has also become an important content factory for us, second only to the U.S., to fuel our 
growth around the world. 

Our international group also launched the Paramount Channel in Poland in the quarter, bringing Paramount Channel to 
a total of 63 countries around the world. In just three years, we've grown this brand to almost 70 million homes, 10 
languages, across 20 time zones. Paramount Channel is now the most-watched ad-supported international movie 
channel, and we're just beginning. 

Moving on to the movie studio. Paramount Pictures delivered a strong debut for its animation division. The SpongeBob 
Movie: Sponge Out of Water was an international box office success, and a demonstration of the powerful combination 
of Paramount Animation's capabilities and our unmatched marketing expertise. And we're looking ahead to a summer 
of proven franchises and massive star power. Arnold Schwarzenegger is back as the terminator, in the widely 
anticipated Terminator Genisys, set to open on July 1. This fresh take, also starring Emilia Clarke of Game of Thrones 
fame, brings a new twist to a legendary franchise. Later in July, Mission: Impossible – Rogue Nation hits the screen, 
starring Tom Cruise and Jeremy Renner, and directed by Chris McQuarrie. Tom Cruise remains at the top of his game 
and this film is certain to be a blockbuster. 

Paramount Television is steadily building a TV studio committed to developing and selling great content with some of 
the most distinguished creative talent in the business today. Networks and online distributing partners include Fox, 
HBO, Epix, Amazon, USA, Hulu, as well as Comedy Central, MTV, and Nickelodeon. 

In conclusion, I have a great deal of confidence in the future of Viacom. We are transforming the company to fully 
capture the many opportunities created by the changing media landscape and to fuel growth initiatives with big 
potential. We are unleashing the value of our television brands to invest in more original content, creative marketing 
initiatives, better measurement and data-driven monetization, mobile initiatives, significant international expansion. At 
Paramount, with a richer development program, great film franchises, and the further building of our animation and 
television production initiatives, we can look forward to renewed growth in the years ahead. By leading the charge, we 
are extremely well-positioned to be among the first to benefit as the industry transition takes hold; and as it does, we 
look forward to delivering superior returns to our shareholders for many years to come. 

And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Wade. 

Wade Davis 


Thanks, Philippe. Before I take you through our operating results, I want to note that our earnings release and Web 
presentation summarizing the results for our March quarter are available on our website. The results that I will discuss 
have been adjusted to exclude the restructuring and programming charges of $784 million that were incurred in the 
March quarter. Now, let's take a look at our segment results. 

At our Media Networks segment, revenues in the quarter were up 3% compared with the prior year. Domestic revenues 
were flat, while international revenues grew 23%. Excluding a 13% unfavorable impact from foreign currency, 
international revenues were up 36%. Channel 5 contributed 31 percentage points to international revenue growth in the 
quarter. Page 11 of our Web deck provides a breakdown of our Media Networks' revenue performance. 

In terms of advertising, worldwide revenues were up 4% in the quarter. Domestic revenues were down 5%, and 
international revenues increased 80%. The increase in international advertising was driven by growth in Europe, 
principally from Channel 5. Foreign exchange losses had a 17-percentage-point impact on international advertising 
growth, and a 2-percentage-point impact on worldwide advertising growth. 

In terms of affiliate revenues, worldwide revenues were up 3%. Domestic revenues were up 5% in the quarter, while 
international revenues declined 8%. Foreign exchange had a 13-percentage-point unfavorable impact on international 
revenue growth, and a 2-percentage-point unfavorable impact on worldwide affiliate revenue growth. 

Excluding the impact from the timing of product available under certain distribution agreements, domestic affiliate 
revenues grew mid- to high single digits in the quarter. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange, international affiliate 
revenues grew as a result of new channel launches, increases in subscribers, as well as the timing of product available 
under certain distribution agreements. 

Expenses increased 9% in the quarter. Within operating expenses, programming expense grew 10%, while distribution 
and other expenses increased 23%. SG&A expense was up 4% in the quarter. Increases in expenses were principally 
driven by the acquisition of Channel 5. Excluding the impact of Channel 5, total expenses were flat in the quarter, with 
growth in SG&A expense driven by higher advertising and promotion expense, principally related to the marketing of 
new original series and specials. 

Media Networks adjusted operating income was down 5%, while the adjusted operating income margin declined to 
36.8%. The margin decline was driven by the 9% growth in expenses, partially offset by top-line revenue growth of 
3%. 

Moving to Filmed Entertainment. Revenues were down 21% in the quarter, principally due to decreases in home 
entertainment and licensed revenues. Page 13 of the Web presentation provides a breakdown of Filmed Entertainment 
revenues. Theatrical revenues decreased 10% as lower carryover revenues from prior-period releases were partially 
offset by our current-quarter releases, including SpongeBob Movie: Sponge Out of Water. 

Home entertainment revenues declined 25%, principally due to the lower revenues from the current quarter and 
prior-period releases. License fees declined 32% in the quarter, due to the number and mix of available titles. Filmed 
Entertainment generated adjusted and operating income of $1 million in the quarter, as compared to $11 million last 
year. 

Now moving beyond the segment results. Other items principally reflect a loss of $10 million, due to foreign exchange 
losses. In terms of taxes, the year-to-date adjusted effective tax rate was 31.8%, reflecting a 120-basis-point 
improvement as compared to the prior year. The reduction in the adjusted effective tax rate was principally driven by 
the mix of domestic and international profitability. 

And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Tom. 

Thomas E. Dooley 

Thanks, Wade. I'm going to talk about our cash flow, our debt, and the return of capital to our shareholders. I'll also 
cover seasonal factors impacting the remainder of our 2015 fiscal year. 


For the quarter, we generated $598 million in free cash flow compared to $524 million free cash flow last year. Page 
six of the Web deck presentation provides the components of free cash flow. The increase in free cash flow in the 
quarter was principally due to lower cash taxes, partially offset by higher working capital utilization. Cash taxes 
benefited from provisions allowing for accelerated deductions related to domestic film and TV production expense. 
Working capital was principally impacted by higher programming spend at Media Networks. 

Now, moving to our debt. It remains principally fixed rate, with an average cost at quarter-end of 4.7%. We used part 
of the proceeds from the $1 billion of fixed rate debt we issued back in December to repay the $600 million outstanding 
of our 1.25% senior notes that came due in February. 

As for our variable rate borrowings, at quarter-end, we had $75 million of commercial paper outstanding. In terms of 
our leverage, we ended the quarter with $13.2 billion of total debt, and $306 million of cash and cash equivalents. The 
decrease in cash from the December quarter reflects the repayment of the senior notes that matured in February. Our 
leverage ratio at the end of the quarter was 3.1 times. 

At March 31, our $2.5 billion bank revolver was undrawn. During the quarter, between our buyback and our dividend 
programs, we returned a total of $885 million of capital back to our shareholders, and we ended the quarter with 397 
million shares outstanding. If you include our April dividend payment, we have returned a total of $1.9 billion to 
shareholders in the fiscal year, which is a return on market cap of approximately 7%. 

Now let's turn to some of the factors impacting the remainder of our fiscal year. In terms of our affiliate revenue, 
quarterly revenue will fluctuate given the timing of transactions and the recognition of revenue related to certain 
distribution agreements which are tied to product availability. Accordingly, for the June quarter, we anticipate that 
affiliate revenues will be relatively flat as compared to the prior year. However, we expect affiliate revenue will grow 
double digits in the September quarter. For the full year, we expect that the organic growth rate for Media Networks 
programming expense will be in the mid-single digits. However, factoring in the acquisition of Channel 5, reported 
programming expense will grow in the midteen. For 2015, we are now forecasting a book tax rate of 31.8%. 

At Filmed Entertainment, we are excited about our summer slate, which includes Terminator Genisys and Mission: 
Impossible – Rogue Nation. For the June quarter, given that these films will be released later in the quarter with 
significant worldwide P&A expense, we anticipate difficult bottom-line comparisons to the prior year. In the 
September quarter, we expect the studio will generate significant profits as they benefit from the carryover performance 
of these summer tentpoles, as well as the availability of titles in the Pay TV and syndication marketplaces. 

Looking ahead at Paramount's production and development pipeline, the studio is currently in production on a number 
of projects, including: Zoolander 2, which stars Ben Stiller, Owen Wilson, and Will Ferrell; Ben-Hur, which is a 
co-production with MGM; and The Big Short, an adaptation of Michael Lewis' book, starring Brad Pitt, Steve Carell, 
Christian Bale, and Ryan Gosling. The second installment of Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles recently went into 
production and this summer, the studio starts production on Star Trek III. Paramount is in development on a number of 
sequels to existing franchises including World War Z, Jack Reacher and the recently announced sequel to the 
SpongeBob movie. 

Summary: the industry is evolving and we have taken significant steps to realign our business to position the company 
to meet the challenges that lay ahead. By rethinking how we operate, we have reduced our cost structure, enabling us to 
invest in our brands and technology, while preserving our core margins. We are investing to enhance our capabilities to 
monetize our content outside of traditional measurements. 

We continue to develop specialized ad sales products, which enable us to monetize our consumers in innovative ways 
and provide our advertisers with new targeting capabilities to drive efficiency in their marketing campaigns. We remain 
committed to returning excess capital to our shareholders through our dividend and buyback programs while at the 
same time, maintaining our investment-grade status. 

With that, I would like to turn the call over to your questions. Operator? 


Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to John Janedis with Jefferies. 

<Q - John Janedis>: Hi. Thank you. Philippe, can you talk a little bit more about your interest level and positioning on 
skinny bundles; and assuming they gain traction, do you think that offers you an opportunity maybe or a need to merge 
or sell some of your smaller networks given the view that larger ones will increasingly need to subsidize smaller ones. 

<A - Philippe Pierre Dauman>: Hi, John. Thank you. Look, I think there are a number of offerings out there. They've 
always been available, by the way, what people are calling skinny bundles, used to be called family tiers and there's 
always a place for bringing consumers into the television ecosystem. In many cases, young people getting into it and 
over time, upgrading to larger packages. There's no greater value in existence today as has been demonstrated in a 
number of studies of how the pricing works and what you get for the money. There's no greater value than the fire hose 
of programming that you get by getting a broad bundle, which can be marketed in a way that – with promotional value 
to give consumers good value. 

Today, consumers get more original programming on television than they've ever gotten before. There are hundreds of 
shows across television, including our own that get much more viewership than many of the shows that are touted out 
there on pure online delivery. And the functionality keeps getting better. We believe that functionality, the ability to 
view linear television, on-demand television on different devices and different places is revolutionary for consumers 
and we're working very closely with our partners to build that value. 

At the same time, we're willing, as we always have been, to engage with our distributor partners in smaller bundles, 
again, to bring people into the ecosystem. A lot has been talked about in this arena, a lot of hype about it. I don't think 
that's going to be a very significant change in the overall value proposition that exists in television today. We have, as I 
mentioned in my remarks, the number one family of cable networks across just about every demo, except when you get 
to the really older demos. And as we continue to invest in original programming, all of our networks will keep getting 
better and better and we'll work with our distributors and look at innovative ways to engage consumers. 

<Q - John Janedis>: Thanks, Philippe. Maybe just an advertising question. Sorry, if I missed this, but can you give us 
a little bit more color around what you're seeing in the ad market from both demand and pricing perspectives, as well as 
maybe a 3Q outlook? 

<A - Philippe Pierre Dauman>: We see the demand as being strong in our categories, and for us, as you know, the 
issue has been the supply of Nielsen ratings and we are working very hard to modify the equation as we discussed in 
our remarks earlier. So the market looks to be strong. We're very confident going to the upfront season. 

By the way, we've already written about 30% of our upfront business in one form or another. As far as the quarter, 
we're pretty early in the quarter. Right now, we're involved in a comparable performance. But with these new products 
that we are introducing, with the strength of the marketplace, with some of the shows we have rolling-out, yeah, we're 
quite hopeful that we'll be able to see improvement as the year progresses in our ad sales performance. 

<Q - John Janedis>: Thank you. 

Operator 

We'll go next to Doug Mitchelson with UBS. 

<Q - Douglas Mitchelson>: Thanks so much. Just following up on the upfront question, you said 30% of the upfront is 
written. Is that – can you give us a sense of what kind of pricing increases you're seeing? 


<A - Philippe Pierre Dauman>: We are getting – again, remember, we have a strong kids portfolio within our family, 
and a lot of that business gets written early. We're seeing robust pricing. Our major advertisers are very, very interested 
in our Viacom Velocity, Viacom Echo, and now, Viacom Vantage products, which, unlike a lot of the discussion out 
there, those are real products that we've been rolling out, working with some of our major advertisers. And the list will 
grow and it's certainly not something we can offer the Viacom Vantage product to every single advertiser, but to our 
major advertisers who do good business with us and want to grow their business with us, this is something very unique 
that we're able to offer. 

And we've had some very successful upfront presentations from several of our major networks, including Nickelodeon, 
MTV, and BET, as well as CMT. So we've been very engaged with our clients and a lot of excitement about the reach 
that our programming has, not just on television, but across the board, on mobile, digital, and otherwise. 

<Q - Douglas Mitchelson>: That's helpful. And then I had two quick ones on the affiliate side. Should investors expect 
that if Apple TV was to launch a virtual MVPD, that Viacom [ph] would be (40:14) included? And separately, I'm 
curious, for the next few renewals, you mentioned in your prepared remarks are the – is this the beginning of a new 
pricing cycle, or are you bringing those last few MVPDs up to the rate card that you've already established in other 
deals? Thanks. 

<A - Philippe Pierre Dauman>: I prefer not to engage in public negotiations or discussions. Let me just say that 
because of the value that our networks bring to the table, the passion that consumers have for our brands, if you want to 
reach an African American audience, for example, you cannot live without BET. If you want to reach kids, you need 
Nickelodeon. If you want to get teen girls, you need – they want to watch Teen Wolf. You want to keep up with the 
times, you have to be on Comedy Central, and so forth. 

So we also have very large penetration, video on demand. We also lead in new forms of distribution. So we are 
engaged with every existing distributor and new ones. So you can rest assured that whether it's an Apple or a Sony or 
anyone else, that we would be talking to all of them, and we enter into deals when we think that the time and the format 
is right. And we bring value and we expect value in return, and we believe we will continue to perform well in our 
affiliate revenues for the years to come. 

<Q - Douglas Mitchelson>: Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

We'll go to Michael Nathanson with MoffettNathanson. 

<Q - Michael B. Nathanson>: Thanks. I have two. First would be for Philippe or Tom. When you think about the 
transition that you're going through, which is selling more, advertising off the linear network, getting more data about 
who's watching, monetizing that data, do you start rethinking the strategy of selling content SVoD, where it's 
commercial-free and the data really stays with the SVoD provider? So how do you think that evolution looks as you're 
becoming more nonlinear in your business model? 

<A - Philippe Pierre Dauman>: Michael, yeah, we have to be very thoughtful and selective in how we distribute our 
content. There's a lot of marketing value in putting earlier episodes or earlier seasons of shows on SVoD, and you can 
get compensated for it. We look at the windows for different types of content, different shows. I talked previously 
about the fact that we can put on The Daily Show on the next day to promote that night's viewing. And so we've been 
able to put that on a Hulu, for example. We have a lot of Nickelodeon content on Amazon, but it's not on Netflix, at 
least at the moment. 

So we look at what the distribution landscape is. What the available monetization. Our objective is to maximize the 
overall results by adding all of those impressions, and we continually analyze the impact, both financial and from a 
viewership standpoint, of putting different types of content on different platforms. 

<Q - Michael B. Nathanson>: Do you think the line will cross going forward? 


<A - Philippe Pierre Dauman>: I don't know what you mean about the line crossing. 

<Q - Michael B. Nathanson>: Well, in terms of your decision-making, like, hey, let's keep it on SVoD versus hold the 
inventory ourselves. So traditionally, you've made more money in SVoD than holding the inventory but do you see that 
decision changing? 

<A - Thomas E. Dooley>: Well, Michael, as in the past, the same will happen into the future and windows will evolve. 
The amount of time product spends in one window or one distribution platform and how it might evolve to a second 
distribution platform will change and we'll – as Philippe mentioned, we'll take the value, and we'll try to get the value 
that most maximizes the revenue potential of the content we have. 

We have library stuff that is doing extraordinarily well in advertising campaigns when we attach attitudinal and 
behavioral data to that with – that we get from syndicated research platforms and work with advertisers and agencies to 
make that much more valuable than it otherwise normally would be. I think we're just at the very beginning of the 
opportunity around data to inform advertisers how to more accurately and efficiently target consumers, and each one of 
these conversations is specific to the product that the advertiser is selling 

So I think there's – at the very early stages of this thing, it's very, very promising. It's very bespoke in terms of each 
advertiser's product, has unique attributes that they determined relevant to their target, best targeted consumer, and 
we're working with them to evolve those and match them up with their content and our channels. And I think, as that 
evolves and becomes a much more significant revenue stream, the SVoD players might diminish in some participation 
in the exploitation of that. 

<Q - Michael B. Nathanson>: Okay. And let me just follow-up on this one. Philippe, you mentioned the broadening 
of Spike as you look to broaden the demographic. As you go through your restructuring and move networks to other 
managers, are there other networks that you see changing the look and feel that you see as an opportunity with a new 
set of eyes and maybe less acquired programming? 

<A - Philippe Pierre Dauman>: I think there's a lot of opportunity in the way we've realigned the networks. The 
organization before was there because of historical reasons in some part, so I'll just give you the example in the kids 
and family group. By putting together with Nick at Nite, TV Land and CMT, we now have a broad portfolio of more 
family-oriented networks where we can cross-fertilize program development and even the acquisitions can play across 
several networks. And the cross-promotion opportunities are obvious in that case. 

I see, for example, CMT being able to tap a much more logical group of shows that are developed for Nick at Nite, TV 
Land to appeal to that heartland audience which is a growth opportunity for us, and to orient the development of CMT 
toward a more wholesome feel rather than have some of the programming which was more connected to MTV and 
really didn't take CMT to – in a broader direction, I think gives it great potential to grow. 

And we have a show like Younger. Younger which is only had four episodes airing, we've aired it on – it was created 
for TV Land. We've aired it on Nick at Nite. We put it on other venues. It's a great show. It's building a fandom. We've 
had 24 million views across our platforms of Younger episodes. And that show, that's a greater performance than any 
of the other big hits that are – somebody asked about SVoD earlier. The biggest hits on SVoD do not have that kind of 
performance, as we're four shows in. 

So being able to expose Younger across these different platforms will help the show grow, justify the investment in 
more and more original programming and we can also be more judicious in how we acquire the third-party 
programming for those networks and get more value for that. So it's a big evolution going forward. This is not just 
about saving costs, although we are saving costs, it's about growing revenue and I think we will see the results of that in 
fairly short order. 

<Q - Michael B. Nathanson>: Thanks, Philippe. 

Operator 


We'll go to Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan. 

<Q - Alexia S. Quadrani>: Thank you. I just have a follow-up question on your commentary on measurement. As you 
move away from the traditional measurement system to the more comprehensive audience-based measurement, clearly 
you're already seeing some good benefits from that migration. I'm trying to get a sense of how long it will take before 
you really see sort of a transformative change in approach, where it goes to picking out kind of under-monetized 
advertising which currently is the case to really being much more additive and having a much more – a very impactful 
impact on your advertising revenues. 

<A - Philippe Pierre Dauman>: I think it's going to snowball and I think it's consistent. When we talked about a 
three-year timeframe to make a major step shift from that 30% to 50%, and we're into the first year of that three-year 
cycle, that shows that it's going to be a snowball effect that is going to build. We're seeing results. We've got people 
knocking on the door wanting to hear about it, use it, and – and so – and at the same time, by the way, we're not giving 
up on the traditional measurement system improving. Yeah, that's an important component for the other half because 
the – everything that's happening is going to push the so-called traditional ecosystem to get better, and that's what we 
want. We want everything to get better. And we will be prime beneficiaries of that, particularly given the audiences that 
we reach. Do you want to add anything, Tom? 

<A - Thomas E. Dooley>: I think our revenue-weighted ratings were down 20% and our ad sales were down 5% in the 
domestic marketplace and I think that illustrates that this is having a significant impact in today's quarters and that will 
grow significantly into the future as more and more advertisers, more and more agencies partner with us on these new 
methodologies and currencies. 

<Q - Alexia S. Quadrani>: And just a quick follow-up on the affiliate revenue side, should we assume that when you 
look at the affiliate revenue growth, that the mix will be increasingly weighted towards sort of new over-the-top 
revenue streams or do you think it stays relatively similar? 

<A - Philippe Pierre Dauman>: I think it's going to be relatively similar. There could be some shifts. It will depend 
how successful some of these offerings are out there. Obviously, worldwide success. The success of a distributor, of a 
new distributor, is really hard for us to contain or evaluate. So if there's a kind of growth that we saw with the Telcos, 
for example, we certainly welcome that. But we continue to believe that the overall pie will grow. We welcome new 
distributors because more distribution is good for content owners. 

<Q - Alexia S. Quadrani>: Thank you. 

<A - Philippe Pierre Dauman>: You're welcome, Alexia. 

Operator 

We'll go to Bryan Kraft with Deutsche Bank. 

<A - James Bombassei>: Hello? 

<A - Philippe Pierre Dauman>: Operator... 

<A - James Bombassei>: Bryan? 

<A - Philippe Pierre Dauman>: Operator, We'll go to our next question, if we can bring Bryan back in, we'll do that. 

Operator 

Bryan's line is open. 

<Q - Bryan Kraft>: Can you hear me? 


<A - Philippe Pierre Dauman>: Yes, now we can hear you. Go ahead. 

<Q - Bryan Kraft>: Okay. The programming write-downs the past quarter have reduced the inventory on the balance 
sheet by about 10%. Wondering how that's going to impact working capital trends for the remainder of year and in 
2016. And then secondly, I just wanted to ask, Philippe, you had put out the 30% non-Nielsen number a couple of 
quarters ago with a target of getting to 50% over three years, can you just update us on where you are on that 
percentage? Have you moved off the 30% at all or is it still in that range? Thank you. 

<A - Philippe Pierre Dauman>: I'll turn it over to Tom and Wade on the programming write-down. Like I said, I 
think we're going to see the acceleration of that shift in mix as we go forward of 3% to 50%. And we're going to see 
some step changes as we get through this upfront season and a lot of the revenues that we will get coming out of the 
upfront will be driven by different currencies. So that change in currency will be the major driver of that move from 
30% to 50%. Tom or Wade? 

<A - Thomas E. Dooley>: And in terms of working capital, of the $784 million, we have approximately $300 million 
in cash that would be paid out over the next three years related to that. Approximately half of that will be paid out in 
the next 12 months. 

<Q - Bryan Kraft>: Okay. Great. Thank you. 

<A - Philippe Pierre Dauman>: Thank you. 

Operator 

And we'll go to Rich Greenfield with BTIG. 

<Q - Rich S. Greenfield>: Hi. Kind of a conceptual question as you think about the overall TV marketplace. I mean, 
the big challenge right now seems to be, more than anything else, getting live viewership, kind of creating must-watch 
tune-in programming. Obviously, you do a great job when you do kind of your events like the music and video awards 
and things on other channels like BET, but how do you create – do you need to shift the types of programming you're 
creating or the styles or the categories. How do you really create that much-watch nature to – not just to MTV, but 
across your other networks, to get that live tune-in and to really drive the overall kind of urgency from an advertiser 
standpoint? Because it just seems like advertisers are less and less interested in buying kind of delayed viewing, which 
seems to be affecting everybody in the industry, not just Viacom. Thanks. 

<A - Philippe Pierre Dauman>: Well, a couple things. Delayed viewing, particularly if it's fairly near-term, 
time-shifted viewing is still very valuable to advertisers. And it's that connection, we want programming that creates 
engagement, and that creates that urgency, that connection and then having the advertiser be part of that connection 
with the audience, something they're passionate about. Reaching a fan of Teen Wolf, or Tyler Posey in Teen Wolf, 
that's a valuable connection that we offer not just on our VMA-kind of events. But in moving to original programming, 
in moving to scripted, those are events. People are engaging with the characters on the shows, and you see the same 
across television. 

So this big shift that we're making toward increasing the level of production of original programming, making it more 
relevant across all of our networks, adding to our creative talent, adding to the Always On capability at MTV, having 
our content live on mobile, as well as the big screen at home, capturing our fans on mobile where they live, being able 
to monetize that connection, that's where the TV marketplace is going to. And as I said in my remarks, we are leading 
the charge. We are orienting our entire organization to doing that. 

When we did the realignment, yes, we saved money by looking at how we are organized, but we are also investing in 
our people. We're bringing new people. We're really building up our human resources to drive Viacom Vantage, these 
other initiatives. We're building up our programming resources. We're building up our capabilities in mobile. So we're 
reorienting our organization, our programming, and our human resources to really be a major beneficiary of the 
transformation in how people are enjoying content, and the good news is they are enjoying more and more of it. 


So we are becoming less reliant – it was part of our programming write-down, less reliant on that old, not-so-relevant 
programming that we had acquired years ago. We said goodbye to that, and we are saying hello to a lot of new, more 
engaging, more live, in terms of participation kind of television content for our new audiences. 

<A - Thomas E. Dooley>: And Rich, advertisers really aren't shunning or stepping away at all from delayed viewed 
content. Some people, like studios, don't need the advertising after three or four days. It's not as relevant or not as 
valuable to them. But other advertisers, with the – adding data to the conversation with them, are very, very interested 
in reaching the right consumer around the right content. And the right content is being constantly redefined, as data 
allows us to demonstrate who might be a heavy consumer of fast food product. That's obviously much more relevant to 
people that sell fast food, and we're now able to connect the dots and provide very hard data around which audiences 
are much more able to deliver heavy consumers of fast food product or who might be people 


We can actually target for people concentrations of audiences that are not subscribers to their current product. In other 
words, they don't want to reach people who currently subscribe or advertise to their current product, they'd like to get 
the people that don't subscribe to them. And through data, we are beginning to be able to more precisely target 
audiences that are not their current customers, to give them the opportunity to get in front of more potential new 
customers. 

So that is really what our conversations – or taking up most of the time of our conversations with advertisers to 
supplement what Philippe just commented on, on how that conversation is evolving very quickly. And it doesn't seem 
to be at all focused on whether the show is a live show or the recency of the airing of the show. It's much more to the 
quality of the audience that you're putting in front of them. 

<Q - Rich S. Greenfield>: Thanks. 

<A - Philippe Pierre Dauman>: Operator, we'll take our next question, please. 

Operator 

We'll go to Ben Mogil with Stifel. 

<Q - Benjamin E. Mogil>: Hi, guys. Good morning, and thank you very much for taking my question. Wanted to go 
back to the questions that Michael Nathanson had about sort of SVoD and MVPD VoD and the interplay between 
them. Can you maybe even give an illustrative example of, say, a show that you sort of currently have just launched on 
Nick, and how you're thinking about windowing on a show like that, say, compared to what you would have been 
thinking a year or two ago in terms of duration, exclusivity, how many episodes you put on the VoD system, how much 
episodes you put on SVoD? I'm sort of curious on how your thoughts have changed just even over the last year, if you 
will? 

<A - Philippe Pierre Dauman>: Well, it really goes to the specific type of show. So in some cases, we might put a 
first episode of a new season on a Hulu. If we have a show like Younger, we want to expose people to the show, have 
them introduced, hook them on it, so that they will watch it on television. So we'll work with an SVoD distributor to 
promote a show like that. And then we might then air it with, say, a 21-day delay, if we have a deal relating that 
particular show with a Hulu, as an example. It serves a catch-up function. 

By the way, there's a lot of talk about these SVoD players, but let's not forget the growing VoD capability of our 
candidly more important distributors. Those distributors, we love all of our long-time partners, and we want to work 
with them to increase their capability. They should have more VoD capability, so that people can catch-up on former 
episodes they hear about a new show. 

And so we'll work with our marketers. We'll work on what the monetization is. We want to make sure that all of our 
distributors are getting optimal access for their customers of our content. And so, you'll see more and more of our 
content and our past content on the traditional distributors, as we modify our relationships with them. And those are 
very productive discussions that we have to do that. 


<Q - Benjamin E. Mogil>: And on the traditional distributors, are you seeing some of the ones that maybe were 
holdouts in terms of investment spend on increasing the VoD capacity and functionality and even marketing around 
that? Are you seeing sort of the ones that were sort of laggers in that area try to catch up now? 

<A - Philippe Pierre Dauman>: I think generally speaking, there's more investment. I think, my personal view is that 
it needs to be accelerated. I think there's a missed opportunity on the part of distributors to not give them what they 
want as quickly as possible, and I think that ought to be the focus. That ought to be the focus of distribution. They 
should be marketing the value of the great package with more content than has ever existed before, greater content than 
has ever existed before. And provide that functionality people are craving, which is the ability to view that content 
anywhere inside the home, anywhere outside the home, at any time they want. 

That ought to be encouraged. And that does require investment. You raised a really good point. But that investment, if 
it's accelerated, will pay off. It will pay off in subscriber gains. It will pay off in less churn. And it will be good for the 
entire ecosystem, especially consumers. 

<A - Thomas E. Dooley>: And we also offer a less capital intensive option for operators who just authenticate to our 
apps and our apps are increasingly offering that kind of functionality, deep library access across multiple devices. Our 
technology investments have allowed us to provide them with a relatively light capital solution to provide that option to 
consumers. 

<A - James Bombassei>: Operator, we have time for one more question. 

<Q - Benjamin E. Mogil>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Thank you. We'll go to Vasily Karasyov with CLSA. 

<A - James Bombassei>: Hi, Vasily, are you there? 

<Q - Vasily D. Karasyov>: Hear me? Sorry about that. 

<A - James Bombassei>: No problem. 

<Q - Vasily D. Karasyov>: Philippe, in your prepared remarks, you mentioned that you're looking forward to 
renewing upcoming distribution agreements soon and it sounded like you were optimistic. Is that based on the tone of 
your conversations that you're currently having with your distributor? And I have a follow-up for Tom on Paramount. 

<A - Philippe Pierre Dauman>: Vasily, I'm highly confident that we will be renewing our distribution agreements that 
are coming up this year and years to come. I've talked about all the great value we provide. It's a smart thing for our 
distributors to do and it's smart for us to provide good value. Obviously, I don't want to characterize discussions in a 
public forum, but we as a company, I as an individual, have very good relationships with the people we are engaged 
with. And I'm comfortable that there will be a good mutual exchange of value which will drive both of our businesses. 

<Q - Vasily D. Karasyov>: Thank you. Tom, about Paramount, I think a fair argument can be made that the studio has 
been under-earning in the past couple of years. So I was wondering in the analysis coming, when you were coming on 
the restructuring announcement, did you identify anything that Paramount will be doing differently going forward 
maybe we can start to see them to come back to the $300 million-plus EBIT run rate? 

<A - Thomas E. Dooley>: I think Paramount's made tremendous progress and will continue to make progress in terms 
of the operating efficiencies both domestically and in overseas market on how it distributes product. And the more 
important factor that will drive the continued evolution of Paramount's profitability is the types of movies that they're 
launching and the tentpoles that I've outlined in the schedule. We feel really good about Paramount's forward-looking 
schedule both – all the way down the road in 2016 and 2017 and believe that, that will drive the ultimate profitability of 
the studio back to the levels that it has historically operated at. 


<A - Philippe Pierre Dauman>: Well, also, we are increasing the development process at Paramount so that we can 
have sustained release schedule, where we fell a little short. We've gotten – We've made some changes in our 
development organization to that end. The animation initiative will have a better batting average than the average 
movie. That's the nature of the genre and also opens up consumer products revenue and this television operation I've 
talked about. 

This television operation is off to a much stronger start than I anticipated, and over time, that will build a significant 
amount of revenue and bottom line once that matures over the next two to three years. So that will really open up the 
long-term growth of Paramount as we look ahead. 

<Q - Vasily D. Karasyov>: Very helpful. Thank you. 

James Bombassei 

We want to thank everyone for joining us for our earnings call. 

Operator 

This does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2015, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


