Q1 2015 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• James Bombassei 
• Philippe Pierre Dauman 
• Wade Davis 
• Thomas E. Dooley 
Other Participants 

• Michael B. Nathanson 
• Alexia S. Quadrani 
• John Janedis 
• Doug Mitchelson 
• Ben Mogil 
• David Bank 
• Brian W. Wieser 
• Barton E. Crockett 
• Vijay Jayant 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Viacom First Quarter 2015 Earnings Release Teleconference. Today's call is 
being recorded. 

At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Jim Bombassei. 
Please go ahead, sir. 

James Bombassei 

Good morning, everyone, and thank you for taking the time to join us for our earnings call for our December quarter. 
Listening from Los Angeles is our Chairman, Sumner Redstone; and joining us in New York are Philippe Dauman, our 
President and CEO; Tom Dooley, our Chief Operating Officer; and Wade Davis, our Chief Financial Officer. 

Please note that in addition to our press release, we have slides and trending schedules containing supplemental 
information available on our website. 

I want to refer you to page number 2 in the Web presentation and remind you that certain statements made on this call 
are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are discussed in more 
detail in our filings with the SEC. 

Today's remarks will focus on adjusted results. Reconciliations for non-GAAP financial information discussed on this 
call can be found in our earnings release or on our website. 

And now, I'll turn the call over to Philippe. 


Philippe Pierre Dauman 

Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us to discuss the first quarter of our 2015 fiscal year. 

Viacom, once again, had a solid quarter. We drove revenue growth across our business and continued to evolve and 
adapt to meet the opportunities of an increasingly digital and multiplatform landscape. We also maintained our strong 
balance sheet while continuing to return capital to our shareholders. 

Let's take a quick look at our first quarter financial performance. Revenues increased 5% to $3.34 billion due to growth 
across-the-board. All of our major drivers – affiliate fees, advertising, theatrical distribution and home entertainment – 
saw increases in the quarter. 

Adjusted operating income was flat for the quarter at $959 million. Adjusted net earnings were $538 million. And 
adjusted diluted earnings per share increased 8% to $1.29, the highest ever for a December quarter. These results are 
reflection of our commitment to produce great multiplatform content, while efficiently and effectively managing our 
operations. 

This commitment has been fundamental to our success and will drive our growth in the future. It is no secret that there 
are far-reaching shifts taking place in our industry. As the industry evolves, it is more important than ever to focus on 
Viacom's significant strengths. 

Viacom has an unmatched portfolio of iconic and powerful brands and is a leading creator of the content that drives the 
industry ecosystem. Viacom's current distribution partnerships are strong, with most extending well into the future and 
the ranks of new entrants are increasing rapidly. 

Viacom's global footprint is broad and growing. Viacom is leading the rapid evolution to new measurement and 
monetization models that will unlock significant value for us in particular. 

We produce distinct, high-end video for screens of all sizes; content that drives greater consumer engagement and is 
highly valued by advertisers. We invest billions in original programming year-in and year-out. Included in our 
programming for this year in the U.S. alone are well over 200 freshly-produced series and events. 

Turning back to the results, worldwide Media Networks revenues increased 4%, with a 6% increase in affiliate 
revenues. Domestic affiliate fees rose 8%, consistent with our annualized guidance of high-single to low-double digit 
increases going forward. 

While we have recently seen a lot of posturing and positioning in affiliate negotiations across our industry, Viacom's 
distribution pipeline has never been stronger. We have long-term carriage agreements with every major distributor who 
is committed to a vibrant video business and most of the emerging players, including Google and Sony. 

We deliver great value to our partners and we are committed to helping them grow. Compared to other programming 
groups, Viacom networks are the leaders, number one in viewers 18 to 34 and viewers 18 to 49 based on Nielsen 
measurement, and we believe they account for an even greater proportion of non-Nielsen-measured digital 
consumption. 

As I've previously said, 70% of our subscriber base is covered by deals extending to 2018 and beyond, giving us 
significant visibility well into the future. As I mentioned on our last call, in the first quarter we successfully concluded 
carriage agreements with Verizon and Frontier Communications, and we are currently in productive discussions on 
other renewal deals. 

We are also pleased that we renewed our affiliate agreement with DISH for our networks in Mexico. That deal includes 
the launch on DISH of the Paramount Channel next month to 2.2 million subscribers, bringing Paramount Channel's 
total distribution in Latin America at this early stage to 20 million subscribers. 

We are also adding networks around the world, particularly in high growth markets like India, Latin America and 
Africa, but also in the UK, Continental Europe and other parts of Asia. Our international business is growing rapidly 


and is very profitable – not some day, but today. 

New digital entrants are providing expansion opportunities as well as sparking industry-wide innovation. In the first 
quarter, we renewed and expanded our agreement with Hulu. This month, EPIX signed a multi-year renewal with 
Amazon, and we are looking forward to the launch of Sony's digital service in the coming months. 

We are looking to tomorrow and the promise of innovation, bringing our programming to audiences where they want it, 
including mobile. Yesterday, for example, we added 24 Viacom networks to Verizon's FiOS Mobile app, which brings 
TV Everywhere functionality to FiOS TV. 

Also, in March, our Nickelodeon Group will launch a new direct-to-consumer subscription service. We believe this 
innovative service, which will have a distinct brand and will target the fast-growing mobile market, will be very 
attractive for parents and children. Nickelodeon will provide more details and announce the brand name at its upfront 
presentation next month. 

Turning to advertising, Viacom's revenues grew 3% in the quarter. Domestic ad sales at our Media Networks declined 
6% compared to last year, due primarily lower C3 ratings. This was the first full quarter of results for Channel 5, which 
drove a 60% increase in international ad revenues. 

Industry-wide declines in ratings are generating debate about ways to close the gap between currently accepted ratings 
and actual consumption. It is an important secular issue. Inadequate measurement undermines innovation and 
disproportionately impacts those leading programmers, like us, who effectively provide the multiplatform experiences 
that viewers demand. 

While it is currently a reality of our business, at Viacom we are not waiting for change. We are working with other 
major parties in the advertising ecosystem, bringing together data scientists and industry experts, whether at Nielsen or 
elsewhere, to create new measurement and monetization tools. 

As an example, we are in specific discussions with several media agencies to enhance our capabilities to target and plan 
campaigns with even more precise and comprehensive measurement. To get there, we're bringing together data on 
engagement and behavior from a range of sources, including set-top boxes, smart TVs and other digital devices. We're 
confident that these new tools will allow us to distribute video in a more strategic way, unlocking significant revenue 
potential. 

These opportunities are not limited to the U.S. market. In tests in Norway, we have found that 12 to 24 ratings on MTV 
increased in the low-teen percentages when viewing on other devices is measured. 

In general, we continue to develop ways to convert reach to revenue and monetize non-Nielsen-measured viewership as 
we grow this category from 30% of total ad sales to 50% in the next three years. 

Earlier this week, Snapchat launched its Discover platform, which included Comedy Central and MTV International. 
Snapchat has 100 million global active user, most of whom are in the demographic sweet spot for Viacom. 

This is another example of our non-Nielsen monetization strategy enabled by the rich native content of our brands that 
resonates on social platforms and drives hundreds of millions of video streams and even more engagements per month. 
This is a meaningful expansion of our monetization opportunities, adding Snapchat to relationships with Twitter and 
Tumblr, among others. 

These key attributes and initiatives, as well as the creative spirit that drives our company, are what give us great 
confidence as we manage through this transition. We are rapidly adapting our processes and businesses as well as 
human, financial and technological resources to increase focus on new high-potential areas. 

We have teams dedicated to content creation, with a focus on more and better original programming that monetizes on 
all screens; dedicated to expansion and innovation on emerging mobile platforms; dedicated to the rapid rollout of 
innovative, integrated marketing and audience data capabilities; dedicated to building a thriving television studio at 
Paramount; dedicated to rolling out new brands in international markets with high growth potential and much more. 


It is clear that this transition will require some organizational realignment as well as rationalization of content that no 
longer meets our goals. We have identified specific areas where we can work more efficiently while focusing better on 
the evolving needs of our customers and audiences. These changes are well underway and will result in substantial net 
cost savings throughout our organization, while at the same time increasing our focus and investment in areas with the 
highest growth potential. We expect to have more news about these ongoing efforts in the months ahead. 

In addition, we continue to supplement our organic growth with disciplined, strategic expansion. Following our 
successful acquisition of Channel 5 in the UK, we are looking at targeted investments that will press our advantage in 
key areas. 

We have concluded an agreement to acquire five regional television channels in India, which we will own along with 
our existing partner in India, Network18, and shortly expect to receive our final regulatory approval. We are also 
negotiating another acquisition that would add to our scale in an important part of our business. Together, these two 
acquisitions involve about $400 million. 

Taking advantage of these compelling opportunities does not detract from our steadfast, long-term commitment to 
returning capital to our shareholders while we grow our business. Through stock repurchases and dividends, Viacom 
returned almost $900 million to shareholders in the quarter. 

In addition, we continue to effectively manage our debt, successfully accessing the markets for $1 billion at very 
attractive rates. We are on track to buy $750 million of our stock in this quarter. We expect to decrease the pace of our 
buyback for the second half of the year to stay at or below our leverage ratio target of 3.0 times. We will provide an 
update on our next earnings call. 

Now, let's talk briefly about our divisions. While the industry measurement issues continue to cause concern, 
Nickelodeon closed the calendar year as the top basic cable network with kids and total viewers. Nick is premiering 
more new content than ever, meeting the demands of kid audiences that are craving more new episodes and fewer 
repeats. 

In the quarter, the sneak preview TV movie of Nickelodeon's new series, 100 Things To Do Before High School, 
ranked number one in its time period across all television and drove double-digit gains with key demos. This gives us 
great confidence when the series kicks off with new episodes in April. 

The movie Santa Hunters also premiered to strong ratings, scoring as the top kids television telecast for the week. 

Nickelodeon's tentpole shows also continued to be a force. The re-imagined 2014 Nickelodeon HALO Awards 
captured the show's biggest audience ever with kids, tweens and total viewers and was the number one TV telecast for 
the night with kids. 

Coming up, the mega tentpole Kids' Choice Awards will air in March, followed by the second Annual Kids' Choice 
Sports Awards this summer. 

Additionally, in early December, we launched the Nick Jr. App, which quickly topped the ranks in the U.S. iTunes app 
store and was selected as the editor's choice in Apple spotlight on the best apps of 2014. 

Looking ahead, Nickelodeon will air more than 150 new episodes and specials in the second quarter with a focus on 
adapting to their viewers' changing tastes. We have already found success with Bella and the Bulldogs, which drew 
40% more viewers than our previous live action launches. 

And of course, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, which has become a dominant video, movie and consumer product 
brand, wrapped up a very strong Christmas season as the number one selling toy in the country for calendar 2014, 
according to NPD Group. 

Comedy Central also has more original programming in the current quarter with new seasons of returning series such as 
Workaholics, Broad City and Kroll Show. Of course, the biggest news has been the successful launch of The Nightly 
Show with Larry Wilmore, which carries on Comedy Central's tradition of innovating in late night and has already 


joined The Daily Show with Jon Stewart in staking out a prime position in the cultural discourse. 

And speaking of discourse, coming soon, we'll be shooting and airing The Comedy Central Roast of Justin Bieber. 
Mark your calendars, you won't want to miss it. 

On SPIKE, we will be bringing fans the pop hit and viral phenomenon, Lip Sync Battle, hosted by LL Cool J, which 
will premiere in April. On each episode, celebrities will go head-to-head in an outrageous lip sync contest. 

MTV also remains strong and resonant with its audience, placing Awkward and Faking It among the top 15 cable series 
in the quarter in the 12 to 34 demo. 

Through Always On, MTV builds a real-time conversation on all of their platforms – on air, online, mobile and social – 
in a way that no other brand can. In fact, MTV has doubled its unique digital visitors over the past year to a total of 
nearly 50 million in December. 

In the second quarter, MTV premiered its new scripted thriller, Eye Candy, and is launching Broke A$$ Game Show 
next month, a funny, edgy show with men-on-the-street dares that are perfect for digital sharing. MTV also returned 
several successful series in the second quarter, including Catfish, The Challenge, Teen Mom and Ridiculousness. 

We are also focusing on several high-quality big event programs across our networks, and I'd like to update you on two 
of those. Next month, BET will launch its first-ever event miniseries, The Book of Negroes, a six-part historical drama. 
The television event will run over the course of three consecutive nights in February. 

SPIKE is also in production on the epic series, Tut, featuring Sir Ben Kingsley, about the boy king who ruled Egypt 
during the 18th Dynasty. 

Moving to our newest brand, I'm proud to say that the integration of Channel 5 with our international operations is 
going extremely well, and performance has quickly improved during this transition. Channel 5 is the only major 
free-to-air UK commercial network to grow share in 2014, and this December Channel 5 had its best Christmas week 
ratings in seven years. 

And 2015 has started with a bang. Celebrity Big Brother launched with an audience of 3.6 million in early January, and 
the reality series delivered its highest-ever weekend ratings later that month. In addition, Channel 5 and MTV UK's 
first major joint commission, 10,000 BC, will begin airing on both channels in February. 

Paramount's first quarter started where the previous one left off; building on the theatrical success of Teenage Mutant 
Ninja Turtles, which pulled in more than $477 million at the global box office. We acquired the Turtles in 2009 for $60 
million, and the brand has already generated more than $2.5 billion at retail in consumer products, movie tickets and 
home entertainment. 

Our miniature new release in the quarter, Interstellar, was one of the year's most talked about films and a box office 
success with box office to-date of more than $660 million. Paramount Pictures started the current quarter with the wide 
release of another movie that we're all very proud of, nominated for Best Picture at Oscar, Selma brings to life an 
important part of our history. 

Of course, we are all looking forward to next week's release of The SpongeBob Movie: Sponge Out of Water. The first 
title from Paramount Animation is taking one of the world's most iconic characters to a place both literally and 
figuratively he has never been before. And just announced this week, Paramount has moved up the opening of proven 
franchise, Mission: Impossible 5, to the end of July 2015. 

Nickelodeon and Paramount are also close to completing Paramount's first television production this year with School 
of Rock, which is set to air on Nickelodeon in the fiscal fourth quarter. 

To conclude, we are pleased with our powerful position, particularly in this changing industry landscape. Viacom is 
dealing head-on with industry challenges and we are positioning our operations for success. 


We continue to be optimistic about the growth opportunities for our brands and the video content we produce, not only 
here in the U.S. but particularly in international markets where we see significant upside. 

Viacom has the assets, the commitment, the people and the creative culture to succeed. We are innovating, investing, 
and unleashing our human and financial capital to take full advantage of these exciting opportunities, all of which puts 
us in an excellent position to continue to deliver outstanding content, deeper audience connections and greater returns 
for our shareholders. 

Thank you. And now, I'll turn it over to Wade. 

Wade Davis 

Thanks, Philippe. Before I take you through our operating results, I want to note that our earnings release and Web 
presentations summarizing the results for our December quarter are available on our website. 

Now, let's take a look at our segment results. At our Media Networks segment, revenues in the quarter were up 4% 
compared with the prior year. Domestic revenues were up slightly, while international revenues grew 25%. 

Foreign currency headwind had a 6 percentage point negative impact on international revenues. Channel 5 contributed 
5 percentage points of revenue growth in the quarter. Page 10 of our Web deck provides the breakdown of our Media 
Networks' revenue performance. 

In terms of advertising, worldwide revenues were up 3% in the quarter. Domestic revenues were down 6% and 
international revenues increased 60%. The growth in international advertising revenues reflects the acquisition of 
Channel 5 as well as continued growth in the European marketplace. 

Foreign exchange losses had a 7 percentage point impact on international advertising growth and a 1 percentage point 
impact on worldwide advertising growth. 

In terms of affiliate revenues, domestic revenues were up 8% year-over-year while international revenues declined 2%. 
Foreign exchange had a 7 percentage point unfavorable impact on international revenue growth and a 1 percentage 
point unfavorable impact on worldwide affiliate revenue growth. 

Excluding the impact from the timing of product available under certain distribution agreements, domestic affiliate 
revenues grew high-single digits in the quarter. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange, the growth in international 
affiliate revenue was due to new channel launches, increases in subscribers, higher rates, as well as the timing of 
product available under certain distribution agreements. 

Expenses increased 9% in the quarter. Within our operating expenses, programming expense grew 15%, while 
distribution and other expenses increased 7%. SG&A expense was flat in the quarter. 

Excluding the impact of Channel 5, programming expense increased 6%, while both distribution and other expenses 
and SG&A expense declined. The decrease in SG&A expense was driven by lower incentive-based compensation. 

Media Networks' adjusted operating income was down 1%, while the adjusted operating income margin declined to 
42%. Channel 5 contributed about 3 percentage points of operating income growth in the quarter. The margin decline 
was driven by the 9% growth in expenses, partially offset by top line revenue growth of 4%. 

Moving to Filmed Entertainment. Filmed Entertainment revenues were up 6% in the quarter, principally due to growth 
in home entertainment revenues. Page 12 of the web presentation provides a breakdown of Filmed Entertainment 
revenues. 

Theatrical revenues increased 6%, primarily driven by carry-over revenues from Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, which 
were partially offset by lower revenues in the current quarter releases. 


Home entertainment revenues grew 16% in the quarter. The increase reflects the performance of the current quarter 
releases of Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and Hercules, while there were no titles released in the December quarter of 
last year. License fees declined 9% in the quarter due to the mix of available titles. 

Filmed Entertainment generated an adjusted operating loss of $60 million in the quarter as compared to a loss of $74 
million last year. 

Now, moving beyond the segment results. Other items reflects a loss of $18 million due to foreign exchange losses. In 
terms of taxes, the adjusted effective tax rate was 32.3%, reflecting a 120 basis point improvement as compared to the 
prior year. The reduction in the adjusted effective tax rate was principally driven by the mix of domestic and 
international profitability. 

And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Tom. 

Thomas E. Dooley 

Thanks, Wade. I'm going to talk about our cash flow, our debt and the return of capital to our shareholders. I will also 
cover seasonal factors impacting our 2015 fiscal year. 

For the quarter, we generated $57 million in free cash flow compared to $278 million last year. Page 5 of the Web deck 
presentation provides the components of free cash flow. The decline in free cash flow in the quarter was principally due 
to the higher working capital utilization. Working capital was negatively impacted primarily by production spending 
for our upcoming film releases, including Terminator: Genesis. 

Now, moving to our debt. It remains principally fixed rate, with an average cost at quarter end of 4.5%. During the 
quarter, we took advantage of favorable market conditions and issued $1 billion of senior notes and debentures in a 
combination of 5-year and 20-year maturities. A part of the issuance proceeds will be used to repay the $600 million of 
outstanding of our $1.25% senior notes that come due in February. The new debt was issued at an average rate of 4%. 

In terms of our short-term funding. To the extent we have incremental borrowings, we are funding this in a commercial 
paper market place at an annual rate of approximately 35 basis points. At quarter-end, we had no variable rate 
borrowings. 

In terms of our leverage, we ended the quarter with $13.8 billion of debt in capital leases outstanding. We had $1.2 
billion of cash and cash equivalents. Our leverage ratio at the end of the quarter was 3.2 times. 

Taking into consideration the February repayment of the $600 million of our senior notes, our leverage ratio is close to 
3 times, which is within our targeted range. At December 31, our $2.5 billion bank revolver was undrawn. 

During the quarter, we continued to return capital to our shareholders. Between our buyback and dividend programs, 
we returned a total of $887 million of capital back to our shareholders, and we ended the quarter with 407 million 
shares outstanding. 

For the March quarter, we are on pace to purchase approximately $750 million of our stock, which means that for the 
first six months of the year, we will have returned a total of approximately $1.8 billion to our shareholders. 

Now, let's turn to some of the factors impacting the remainder of our fiscal year. In terms of affiliate revenue, we 
continue to see annual growth in the high-single digit to low-double digit range. 

Quarterly affiliate revenue will fluctuate given the timing of transactions and the recognition of revenue related to 
certain distribution agreements which are tied to product availability. For the March quarter, we anticipate that affiliate 
revenues will grow mid-single digits as compared to the prior year. 

For the full year, we expect that the organic growth rate for Media Networks' programming expense will be in the 
mid-single digits. However, reported programming expense will grow in the mid-teen, factoring in the acquisition of 
Channel 5. 


In terms of non-programming expense, we will continue to drive efficiencies throughout the organization in order to 
preserve our margins. 

In Filmed Entertainment, we are excited about our upcoming slate, which includes SpongeBob, Terminator: Genesis 
and Mission: Impossible 5. We continue to expect growth in profits to be weighed to the back half of the fiscal year as 
the studio benefits from its summer theatrical releases as well as the availability of titles in the pay TV and home 
entertainment marketplace. 

For 2015, we are now forecasting a book tax rate of 32.3%. We will continue to refine this as we go through the year 
and get a better sense of domestic versus international profitability mix. 

Looking ahead at Paramount's production and development pipeline, the studio is currently in production on 
Paranormal Activity: The Ghost Dimension and Daddy's Home, which stars Will Ferrell and Mark Wahlberg. 

They will begin production shortly on Ben-Hur, which is a co-production with MGM, The Ring 3, and a comedy which 
stars Tina Fey that is being produced by Lorne Michaels. The studio is in development on a number of projects, 
including sequels to Star Trek, World War Z, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and G.I. Joe. 

In terms of TV production, Paramount continues to make great progress, having sold five more projects to bring the 
total number of projects sold to 11. They currently have an additional 10 projects in development. 

In summary, we remain focused on growing our businesses organically and investing in our brands and franchises. 
While we are experiencing a challenging ratings environment, we are working with our partners to more effectively 
measure consumption of our content, and we are developing ways to monetize viewership where measurement is 
currently unavailable. 

We continue to generate strong growth in affiliate fees and we will manage our cost structure and drive greater 
efficiencies throughout the organization in order to preserve our core margins. 

From a capital structure standpoint, we continue to take advantage of the current interest rate environment, locking in 
long-term financing at very attractive rates. And we'll remain focused on returning excess capital to our shareholders. 

Now, I'd like to turn the call over to your questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Michael Nathanson with MoffettNathanson. 

<Q - Michael B. Nathanson>: Thanks. I have one for Philippe and then one for Wade or Tom. For Philippe, I know 
you're confident about your ability to negotiate affiliate fees going forward. I know you've said 70% of the footprint is 
under contract through 2018. But I wonder looking out, given that some of your biggest MVPD partners are 
consolidating and some others are making more aggressive noises, do you think this means that Viacom has to get 
some more scale going forward as those deals come up in the back end of the next five-year period? 

<A - Philippe Pierre Dauman>: Thank you, Michael. We have, as I mentioned in my remarks, the number one 
position even on current Nielsen measurement in key demographics. I mentioned a couple of them; 18 to 34, 18 to 49. 
So we have the biggest scale, biggest reach in the demos that are particularly important when our distribution partners 
are trying to sell a variety of services to those same demos. 

We are working closely with our affiliates to provide more value, even in the absence of affiliate renewals, as 
witnessed, the announcement yesterday by Verizon FiOS for TV Everywhere capability. And we provide great value. 
For all the reach that we provide, pound for pound, our programming fees are lower than many of the other 
programming families with much lower reach than we have. 


So, we continue to be very confident. We have successfully renewed on attractive terms for ourselves and for our 
partners all of our major affiliate agreements and certainly with all of those who are committed to the video business. 
So we continue to remain confident, and we feel we have the ability to manage our affiliate revenue stream, as we now 
stand, successfully as we go into the future, and we have demonstrated that. 

<Q - Michael B. Nathanson>: Okay, thanks. And then, for Tom or Wade, going back to the comments about potential 
restructurings, I know you want to save the actual numbers for when you do do the restructuring, but can you give a 
sense of how – is the range of how big the restructuring costs could be? Or as Tom said, your goal is to maintain 
margins. Should we think about it that way, that margins will stay steady and costs will come down to maintain those 
margins? 

<A - Thomas E. Dooley>: Look, Michael, as a company, we've always been very focused on margins and improving 
them wherever we can. What we're contemplating right now, we're not going get into that and the magnitude of it at 
this point, but it will be something that focuses the business on the future business environment that we see coming 
down the pipe. We're very confident that we can move there relatively quickly and be able to discuss it more 
comprehensively at the next call. 

<Q - Michael B. Nathanson>: Okay. The next call, you'll be able to give numbers on the size of this? 

<A - Thomas E. Dooley>: Yes, sir. 

<Q - Michael B. Nathanson>: Okay, thanks. 

Operator 

We'll go next to Alexia Quadrani with J.P. Morgan. 

<Q - Alexia S. Quadrani>: Thank you. I just got two questions, if I may. The first question is any color you can 
provide on the just domestic advertising trends in the March quarter? 

And then, a follow-up question. Is there a way you can quantify or give us just a general sense of how much of your ad 
revenue right now comes outside of the linear TV model and, I guess, where can that go, I guess, in a few years? Do 
you think you can make up any softness one can continue to see in TV, in the digital and mobile world? 

<A - Philippe Pierre Dauman>: Thank you, Alexia. In terms of the current quarter, we see demand in the scatter 
market being quite strong. We're seeing pricing being, for us anyway, being in the teens, up from upfront pricing. 

Our issue, based on a current Nielsen measurement in the quarter, is availability of impressions for us to sell. So, we 
currently look at domestic advertising in this quarter to be in a comparable range to what we reported for the last 
quarter. And we are looking to improvement in the back half of the year in domestic ad sales performance with three 
principal drivers. 

One is that we are, with new programming and better delivery of impressions to increase the number of impressions 
that we're able to sell. Two, we are looking and working hard to better monetize the impressions that are not being 
properly monetized. And three, we are continuing to work very closely with the agencies and our customers to drive 
value through better integrated marketing efforts – we have unique capabilities in that regard – use of reach data and 
engagement data through Viacom Velocity and Viacom Echo. 

So as far as the movement toward better monetization of those impressions, we have a number of initiatives. I've 
described them in my remarks and in the prior call. And when we talk about the proportion of our ad revenues, which 
in the last year were 30% non-Nielsen-dependent and over the next three years we expect that to grow toward the 50% 
mark, that growth will be driven by monetizing all these impressions that you have on our dot-coms, our apps, all the 
mobile impressions that we will continue to grow very rapidly, including through some of the new services that we will 
be launching with our telco partners. 


<A - Thomas E. Dooley>: Alexia, there's really no crisp distinction between linear and digital. At this point in time, 
many of our deals allow us to provide delivery or fulfillment of the advertising commitment across both platforms. So 
that is providing us with great flexibility, and as we said earlier, beginning to allow us to monetize the broader 
consumption that we realize is taking place out there. 

I think that's a trend. We're early in this cycle. The amount of digital consumption continues to grow. But as it does, 
we're working, as Philippe said, really closely with our advertising partners and getting great momentum and great 
cooperation with the advertisers and the agencies to evolve the model. 

<Q - Alexia S. Quadrani>: Thank you very much. 

<A - Thomas E. Dooley>: You're welcome. 

Operator 

Our next question is from John Janedis with Jefferies. 

<Q - John Janedis>: Thank you. Philippe, you talked about [ph] the hires (40:09) on data and measurement, but can 
you talk more about how you're using data to promote viewership and to what extent it can increase the success rate of 
new programming conceptually maybe to what Netflix has done? 

<A - Philippe Pierre Dauman>: Well, essentially, particularly when we have programming on our mobile and other 
digital platforms, we have first-party information. We get very high CPMs, by the way, because we have great visibility 
on what kind of viewers are watching it. We are delivering a targeted audience to our advertisers. And the more we 
increase our presence in those platforms where we can deliver dynamically insert ads to very desirable audiences, not 
only will we have more impressions to sell, but we will be able to sell them at higher CPMs than are otherwise 
available in less well-measured venues. 

<Q - John Janedis>: All right. Maybe sticking with that theme then, you started to talk about the 30% sold away from 
Nielsen last quarter, on the way to 50%. Is that going to be a couple of percent each quarter or is there maybe some sort 
of step-function [ph] higher (41:23) at certain points in time? 

<A - Philippe Pierre Dauman>: Well, there'll be step-functions along the way. There's going to be a steady 
progression. That is certainly growing at strong rates. And then, when you get new services that are launched, 
especially over the next few years, you're going to see a tremendous increase in mobile video distribution. So when 
these new services are launched and utilized by consumers, you're going to see some step-changes along the way. 

By the way, I don't want to short-change the progress that Nielsen will also be making during this period. We are 
working very closely with them to improve the ability that Nielsen has with its distribution partners to better measure 
consumption that is – or to measure in the first place, consumption that is taking place and streaming our networks on a 
variety of devices in the home and out of the home. During this time period, you will see improvement in that 
measurement as well. 

<Q - John Janedis>: All right, thank you. 

<A - Philippe Pierre Dauman>: You're welcome. 

Operator 

And our next question is from Doug Mitchelson with UBS. 

<Q - Doug Mitchelson>: Thanks so much. I mean, a couple of questions. Philippe, you talked quite a bit about the 
transitions taking place in media. Can the company maintain margin through all these changes when you look out over 
seven years, and can it and should it sustain this level of capital return? And then, one more question after that. 


<A - Philippe Pierre Dauman>: As Tom talked about in his remarks, we are committed to maintain our margins. 
Technology is also giving us opportunities to improve the efficiency of our operations. Remember, we have a global 
footprint, and as we grow in all of our businesses around the world, in the U.S. and around the world, we have an 
opportunity to look at how we do business. As we have more programming throw weight, we can look at how we 
procure programming, how we move it around the world, how we deal with our suppliers. 

So, we are always finding very significant opportunities to increase our efficiency as we continue to improve what 
appears on all of the screens on which our content appears and serve our viewers better. So, we are always focused on 
maintaining our margin and we are taking a number of steps, and at the same time, investing for the future. 

And we are committed for the very long term, on the second part of your question, to return capital to our shareholders. 
At the same time, we want to maintain our strong financial position. As you know, we target our 3.0 times leverage 
ratio. We try to keep it at or below that level over the long run. We manage to do that while meeting our capital needs. 
That allows us the flexibility, given our strong cash flow generation, to return capital to shareholders, which, by the 
way, along the way, as we buy back shares, is a quite accretive to our bottom line. 

<Q - Doug Mitchelson>: I was hoping you would give us a little bit more detail on the over-the-top Nick service that 
you announced; why just Nick and not something broader, where are your goals, is Nick programming going to be on 
the service, is it global, what will pricing be, anything that you're willing to share would be helpful. Thank you. 

<A - Philippe Pierre Dauman>: Well, as I mentioned in my remarks, first of all, it is not branded Nick. It's going to 
be a distinct brand and Nickelodeon will unveil it at the upfront presentation to our advertisers, and I certainly do not 
want to steal their thunder. 

That will be great service. It will be geared to young viewers, quite young viewers, and their parents will, I think, very 
much welcome the availability of this premium subscription service that Nickelodeon will be offering. So, we're quite 
excited about it. 

And there are a number of initiatives that we're working on. Again, we want to satisfy the demand that's coming from 
the viewers out there. They want more programming, they have an insatiable appetite for great content, and they want 
to be able to view that content on every device that they own. So we are working with our distributors very closely, 
who also want to satisfy that demand, and we are looking at other opportunities that we have to both launch new 
services, find new ways to monetize the content we produce for existing services. And there is a lot of exciting 
opportunity as we move into that future, which, remember, is premised on people spending more and more time 
consuming entertainment. And we are going to be a big part of their lives wherever they are viewing that content. 

<Q - Doug Mitchelson>: Thank you very much. 

<A - Philippe Pierre Dauman>: You're welcome, Doug. 

Operator 

Our next question is from Ben Mogil with Stifel. 

<Q - Ben Mogil>: Hi, guys. Good morning and thanks for taking the question. So just two quick questions, probably 
the first one for Philippe. Any update that you can give us on some of the tests that you've done on dynamic ad 
insertion? And then the second one, when you're sort of talking about the flat margins at the Media Networks, are we 
talking sort of report or are we talking sort of excluding Channel 5? 

<A - Philippe Pierre Dauman>: Well, dynamic ad insertion, I'm glad you brought that up, because as we continue to 
work with our affiliates on the video-on-demand side, dynamic ad insertion provides a great incremental opportunity 
for us at high CPMs for ourselves. And incidentally, given that the distributors also have a share – not just as they do 
on local minutes on the linear advertising, that's where they derive their local advertising revenue from – it is a growing 
opportunity. 


And we over-indexed on this video-on-demand viewing. So the ability to dynamically insert ads for advertisers, I've 
used the example before, on a Thursday when somebody is watching a VoD and you can insert a movie ad for a movie 
that's opening that weekend, the CPMs on that are very high. So, it's a great and growing opportunity. And the way our 
tests and our results were actually starting to derive some revenues from that are proving a point. 

I'm sorry, what's your second question, Ben? 

<Q - Ben Mogil>: Just on the Media Networks, the flat margins you were talking about, sort of expectation this year, 
are we talking on a consolidated basis or is that excluding Channel 5? 

<A - Philippe Pierre Dauman>: Obviously, Channel 5 is a lower-margin business... 

<Q - Ben Mogil>: Sure. 

<A - Philippe Pierre Dauman>: ...as you know and we're going to drive. And Channel 5, by the way, is driving our 
overall business in the UK and, as we go forward, will drive our business around the world, thanks to the great 
programming assets that it has. So, we're very excited about the Channel 5 acquisition, but, yes, that is a lower-margin 
business. And when we work on our margins in our international business and also in our domestic business, we look to 
maintain margins by finding efficiencies and growing our revenues, importantly. 

<Q - Ben Mogil>: That's great, Philippe. Thanks for the color. 

<A - Philippe Pierre Dauman>: You're welcome. 

<A - James Bombassei>: Operator, we're ready for our next question. 

Operator 

And we'll go next to David Bank with RBC Capital Markets. 

<Q - David Bank>: Okay, thanks. Philippe, we're really trying to get our arms around the measurement issue. As the 
trajectory of consumer behavior changes, it's only likely going to accelerate with respect to cross-platform viewership 
and time-shifting. So, I think the issue that we wonder about is it seems the advertisers have really defined the C3 
parameter for measurement and that advertisers have limited cross-platform measurement, that kind of identical spot 
load, which really hurts the headline rating numbers even if online impressions may be healthy. 

So how much of this is about, in changing the ratings metric, in changing the ratings, how much of it is about a dialog 
with advertisers versus the measurement companies? Thanks very much. 

<A - Philippe Pierre Dauman>: It's both. Obviously, we need to measure what people are viewing better. We need to 
improve – even in C3, we need to improve just the C3 current measurement. 

If you look at some of our shows across our networks, whether it's an Awkward or Faking It on MTV or Drunk History 
on Comedy Central or many of our other shows, there's a move just within the C3 universe from live viewing to 
viewing later on. So, some of these shows are seeing as much as a 50% lift from the live viewing into C3. And then, 
you have a large proportion of viewing that's not being measured within that C3 window and viewing outside of the C3 
window. 

So there's obviously been some talk over time about adding to the 3 number, but we're working very closely with the 
agencies and advertisers alike on more comprehensive measurement tools and working with them to take advantage of 
the reach we provide – not just on the shows themselves, but in social media, added on to our viewing, with special 
integrated marketing executions, sharing our data, sharing our research with them, and we're getting a very receptive 
audience and we're starting to see some movement there, which, again, will be a factor in improving our monetization 
going forward. 


<A - Thomas E. Dooley>: David, one important thing to consider here is that, one, the advertisers are the ultimate 
customer in terms of the purchases of our advertising. And different advertisers are moving down the digital road at 
different speeds, and the nature of their product defines the opportunity. A car manufacturer who knows that an 
individual lease is coming up for renewal in three to six months, using that data combined with knowing what IP 
address that person is connected to, would allow you to target ads as that person consumes content from Viacom or our 
competitors, is a very, very powerful tool in terms of targeting. 

That often is informed not only by the timing of that person's need or demand, but also is informed by the kind of a car 
they have and whether it's a luxury vehicle or a mid-size or a compact. And people are just beginning to understand that 
and working with their advertising agencies and their partners, like Viacom, to better take advantage of that 
information and integrate that into a more informed buy, a much more targeted buy, a much more valuable buy to the 
advertiser. 

That's all taking place. That's what dynamic ad insertion is all about. And there's just a plethora of data out there that 
adds to the value equation. Some advertisers, like the ones I just mentioned, are very sophisticated and beginning to use 
it. Others are beginning to figure out ways in how it might apply to their product. As we've said earlier, we're in 
conversations across the industry with multiple agencies, dealing with multiple measurement metrics that reflect more 
appropriately that advertiser's targeting a defined targeted customer. 

And this is just the beginning of this whole evolution and whole understanding as to the metrics that are now available 
in the marketplace and how they'll begin to change this. But the key thing is to get there, work with those advertisers, 
understand their products and understand how we can bring – connect them to consumers interested in consuming their 
products. 

<Q - David Bank>: Thanks, Tom. Thanks, Philippe. 

<A - Philippe Pierre Dauman>: You're welcome. 

Operator 

And we'll go next Brian Wieser with Pivotal Research. 

<Q - Brian W. Wieser>: Great. Thanks for taking the question. First, putting aside the rating issues, do you get a sense 
that your core clients have more money in absolute terms to spend on TV this year versus last but they just can't find 
the gross rating points, or do you see those advertisers shifting spending to other media? 

And the second question, I realize you don't want to talk too much about the direct-to-consumer product for Nick, but 
can we read into the timing of when it will be announced at an upfront event that it will have an ad-supported 
component? 

<A - Philippe Pierre Dauman>: So on the latter question, again, I want to leave it to Nickelodeon to make the 
announcement at the upfront, because they would not want me to take away their thunder, as I said before. 

As far as client demand and whether they have money to spend on television, we're seeing strong demand. We had a 
very strong quarter in key categories like toys and movies in the last quarter and we are seeing strong demand for the 
product we offer. 

Yeah, we do have a ratings delivery issue at the moment, which we hope will improve as the year progresses, but we 
are seeing good demand for television. There is no better way to reach engaged audiences, particularly young 
audiences, for toys, for movies, for electronics, for financial services aimed at young people, for cars, you name it, 
there's no better way to reach them than on our networks. And that's why we continue to enjoy good demand and good 
pricing power. 

<Q - Brian W. Wieser>: So, you see their general interest in using TV is still sufficiently healthy? 


<A - Philippe Pierre Dauman>: We're finding it healthy. We'd like to deliver more impressions. 

<Q - Brian W. Wieser>: Great, thank you very much. 

<A - Philippe Pierre Dauman>: You're welcome, Brian. 

Operator 

Our next question is from Barton Crockett with FBR Capital Markets. 

<Q - Barton E. Crockett>: Thank you for taking the question. I wanted to ask you a broader question about consumer 
loyalty to your networks, which I think is really kind of the core driver of the value you're able to extract from 
distribution. 

We've done some survey work which would suggest that, on average, 15% of consumers could cancel or switch if some 
of your core networks were dropped from a big multi-channel distributor. But you guys have some real life experience, 
and I was wondering what, in your view, is the percentage of people who would cancel or switch if Viacom networks 
were dropped based on data you've seen at maybe Cable ONE or DIRECTV, or your own, kind of, gut, how loyal do 
you think the subscribers are? 

<A - Philippe Pierre Dauman>: Well, we have, as you know, a great portfolio of brands, Barton, with people loyal to 
Nickelodeon or MTV or BET or Comedy Central. So, we have a broad scope of consumers who are loyal to various of 
our brands. 

One of your fellow analysts who asked a question earlier put out a report recently using inquiries to other programmers, 
not us, about what happened in the Cable ONE situation, which is the small operator that didn't renew its affiliation 
agreement with us last April 1. And what he found from his checks was that based on the data that only went to 
sometime toward the end of 2014 – it's not even current – that expanded basic video customers had declined 18% since 
our networks were dropped. 

So you have there an example of a company that is very rural, that is facing, on the video side, very stiff competition 
from DISH and DIRECTV and seems to be focusing mostly on the broadband business, where it's not facing that kind 
of competition. So, it's an unusual situation and, certainly, we've had great success in renewing our deals with others 
who obviously have a strong commitment to all aspects of their business including video. We provide great value. For 
them to keep their customers and to grow and attract new customers, a relationship with us is critically important. 

<Q - Barton E. Crockett>: Okay, great. 

<A - James Bombassei>: Operator, we have time for one more question. 

Operator 

And we'll go next to Vijay Jayant with Evercore ISI. 

<Q - Vijay Jayant>: Thanks. Philippe, you made comments in your prepared remarks about something with Google. 
Can you talk about any opportunities with programming, the YouTube-type platforms that may be pretty attractive for 
your copyright? Thanks. 

<A - Philippe Pierre Dauman>: Well, what I was referring to in my remarks was the Google Fiber, where they are a 
good distributor of our channels and they announced earlier this week, I believe, that they were expanding to three or 
four other cities. 

And on YouTube, we have a number of clips that appear there for promotional reasons. There's some advertising 
revenue being generated there – relatively modest at this point. And we continue to look at opportunities for our content 
with them and all the other players out there. 


We're always in conversations with all companies that are interested in utilizing video, and all of them are interested in 
talking to us. And so, it's a question of finding what the best form of partnership is, and that's always an evolving model 
and one that will provide, in the aggregate, good growth opportunities for us. 

<Q - Vijay Jayant>: Can I ask one more, please, which is talking about multiplatform, I think a lot of the distributors 
are incorporating [ph] FTKs (01:00:26) to measure IP viewership. Can you talk about the timeline of distributor 
platforms being ready and real measurement of IP viewership really coming into commercial value recognition? 

<A - Philippe Pierre Dauman>: Those [ph] FTKs (01:00:41) are being deployed right now, and we them set up on a 
lot of our platforms and our services are ready. Nielsen is working very aggressively with all the major distributors to 
get those put in place. They're in place for a handful right now, but some of the larger ones still have yet to be 
deployed. And we hope and expect that they will be deployed within the next three to six months. 

<Q - Vijay Jayant>: Great, thank you so much. 

<A - Philippe Pierre Dauman>: Sure, Vijay. 

James Bombassei 

We want to thank everyone for joining us on our earnings call. 

Operator 

This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2015, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


