Q3 2009 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Nancy Fazioli, Investor Relations 
• Mark D. McLaughlin, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• Brian G. Robins, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
Other Participants 

• Todd Raker 
• Philip Winslow 
• Steven Ashley 
• Katherine Egbert 
• Rob Owens 
• Shaul Eyal 
• Sarah Friar 
• Kerry Rice 
• Sterling Auty 
• Scott Kessler 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2009 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I 
would like to turn the conference over to Miss Nancy Fazioli in Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am. 

Nancy Fazioli, Investor Relations 

Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us for VeriSign's third quarter 2009 earnings 
conference call. I'm Nancy Fazioli in Investor Relations, and I'm here today with Mark McLaughlin, President and 
CEO, and Brian Robins, Executive Vice President and CFO. 

Please note that this call and accompanying slide presentation are being webcast from our Investor Relations website 
located at investor.verisign.com. Please refer to our website for important information including the Q3 2009 earnings 
press release, and a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP information. A replay of this call will be available on 
our website within a few hours. Today's slide presentation will also be available for download after the call. 

Financial results in today's press release are unaudited, and the matters we will be discussing today include 
forward-looking statements and as such, are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our 
documents filed with the SEC, specifically the most recent report on Forms 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable 
amendments which identify important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those 
contained in the forward-looking statements. 

Additionally, financial results in today's press release and the matters we will be discussing today include non-GAAP 
measures used by VeriSign. Our non-GAAP income statement and a description of items excluded from our 
non-GAAP financial information are located on the VeriSign Investor Relations website. 


In a moment, Mark and Brian will provide some prepared remarks, and afterward we will open up the call for your 
questions. 

Unauthorized recording of this conference call is not permitted. 

With that, I would like to turn the call over to Mark. Mark? 

Mark D. McLaughlin, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Nancy. Good afternoon, everyone. 

Before jumping into the results for the quarter, I'm pleased to tell you that with the early fourth quarter closings of 
Global Security Consulting and Messaging and Mobile Media Services, we've now essentially completed the 
significant restructuring that we took on as a company two years ago this month. We're in active negotiations to sell 
MDG services, the one small business remaining. We expect that prepay billing services and Content Portal Services 
will be wound down and the transition service agreements will be completed by the end of 2010. 

Aggregate proceeds from the sale of these 13 assets, in addition to the sale of our remaining interest in Jamba, are 
approximately $750 million. We're happy to be closing out this chapter in VeriSign's history. I'd like thank our entire 
team for two years of hard work in negotiating and finalizing these sales, as well as having both our core and non-core 
businesses continue to deliver strong results throughout this transformative period for VeriSign. 

Also, as we discussed in the last earnings call, on June 5, the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals reversed an appeal, the 
May 2007 U.S. District Court dismissal of a case filed against VeriSign by the Coalition for ICANN Transparency, or 
CFIT. In the opinion, the case was remanded to the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California for 
further proceedings. On July 2, 2009, VeriSign filed in the Ninth Circuit a petition for rehearing which is still pending. 
We have no further updates at this time. There is no proscribed timeframe for the Court to respond to our petition. We 
are able to say very little about pending litigation matters, but we remain confident in our position and will continue to 
defend this case vigorously. 

Now turning to the results for the quarter. Overall I'm pleased with the performance this quarter. We met our revenue 
guidance for Q3, while tight expense management enabled us to continue to increase profitability. Third quarter 
revenue in our core business was $257 million, which represents 6% year-over-year growth. Our non-GAAP operating 
margin for the quarter was 38.6%, a slight improvement over last quarter as we continue to focus on core expense 
reductions from our last few remaining divest businesses, as well as tight expense controls. 

Non-GAAP earnings per share was $0.33, which represents strong year-over-year growth. We repurchased 
approximately 1.2 million shares of common stock in the quarter for an aggregate of $25 million. 

On the cash side, our year-to-date operating cash flow was approximately $222 million, and we have over $1.4 billion 
in cash on the balance sheet. 

With that, I'll now turn to the business unit operating results for the quarter. We're pleased with our naming results this 
quarter. The base of registered names in .com and .net totaled 94.9 million names at the end of the quarter. This is an 
increase of 1.4 million net names added to the domain name base quarter-over-quarter, and a 6% increase in net names 
year-over-year. We ended the quarter with registered domain names ahead of our forecast, as we saw strengthening in 
renewal rates. In the third quarter we processed 7 million new names. This is flat quarter-over-quarter, and up from 6.9 
million names in Q3 2008. 

The Q2 renewal rate rounded up to 70%. While renewal rates are not fully measurable until 45 days after the end of the 
quarter, we believe that the renewal rate for Q3 will also be 70%. As we look forward, given the data we have at this 
point in the quarter, we would expect the Q4 net names added to the domain name base to be consistent to slightly up 
from Q3. As such, we believe that the Q4 domain name base will grow by a net change of 1.2 to 1.5 million names. 


On the infrastructure side of the naming business, our average daily query load during the quarter increased from 49 to 
54 billion per today, with continued 100% uptime. We continue to demonstrate VeriSign's ability to operate global 
networks at massive scale with exceptional reliability. 

And before I conclude my update on naming, I wanted to note that – the joint partnership agreement, or JPA, between 
the Department of Commerce and ICANN expired on September 30 and was replaced by the Affirmation of 
Commitments, or AOC. Under the terms of the AOC, the U.S. Department of Commerce will continue its involvement 
with ICANN. The adoption of the AOC does not impact our existing registry agreements with ICANN for the operation 
of .com and .net, nor does it impact our existing agreement with the Department of Commerce. 

Now moving on to Authentication Services. While pleased with unit growth in our Authentication Service business, we 
continue to feel some pressure in the current environment. In Business Authentication, we saw the installed base of 
SSL certificates increased to 1.2 million certificates in the third quarter, compared to 1.17 million last quarter, and 
approximately 1.1 million certificates in Q3 2008. This represents a 9% year-over-year growth in the base. The 
annualized average unit revenue, or AUR, for the installed base of VeriSign, GeoTrust, and thawte-branded certificates 
for the third quarter was $234, which compares to $241 for the prior quarter. We continue to see increased price 
pressure as customers request discounts. Also, the AUR decline continued to be impacted by mix shift, as GeoTrust 
brand grows faster than our overall portfolio. We are focused on reversing these AUR trends, and we look forward to 
outlining our current and planned efforts in this regard at our Analyst Day later this month. 

In the last earnings call, you may recall that we mentioned that we'd be focusing our efforts in our User Authentication 
business and partnerships, specifically to have VeriSign Identity Protection, or VIP, more tightly integrated into 
applications that can drive demand. Jim Bidzos in particular has been focused on utilizing his relationships in this 
regard. The partnership with RSA that we announced in October is a great example of this effort, and we'll continue to 
look for additional partnership opportunities that make sense for this business. 

I also want to take this opportunity to let you know that Chris Babel, the general manager of the Authentication 
business, will be leaving VeriSign. We want to thank Chris for his 10-plus years of hard work and contributions to 
VeriSign and wish him well in his new endeavors. 

In general, we are pleased with our results for the quarter and excited about the future. Having substantially completed 
our divestitures in our core product strategy, we are looking forward to 2010. We're also looking forward to outlining 
our strategy and plans later this month at Analyst Day. 

I'll now turn the call over to Brian for a review of our financial results for the third quarter. Brian? 

Brian G. Robins, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks Mark, and thanks to everyone for joining us this afternoon. Before I get into the details of our results for our 
core business, I'd like to update you on a change to our presentation of the non-cash interest expense related FSP APB 
14-1; the amortization of the debt discount on our convertible bonds. In order to provide greater transparency, non-cash 
interest expense is now excluded from the non-GAAP presentation. We feel the non-GAAP presentation is more 
reflective of our operating results and more in line with our peers. 

Moving on to the Q3 results. Revenue for our core business was 257 million, up 1% sequentially and up 6% 
year-over-year. Growth was largely driven by continued strength in Naming Services, with revenue up 10% 
year-over-year, and Authentication Services revenue was up 2% year-over-year. In Q3, there was no material impact to 
revenue from FX changes. 

Our non-GAAP core operating margin was 38.6%. As we have completed our last major divestiture, we have taken out 
substantially all of the duplicative shared services costs. We expect fourth quarter margin to be in line with third 
quarter. As we continue to look for and execute against greater efficiencies across the company, we will aim to 
incrementally increase margins throughout next year. 


In non-GAAP other income and expense, we incurred a loss of approximately 7 million for our core operations. This 
excludes 1.7 million in non-cash interest expense related to FSP APB 14-1. This loss was roughly in line with what we 
expected and what we continue to expect next quarter. 

Non-GAAP net income for the third quarter was 64 million, resulting in non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.33. The 
diluted share count used in EPS calculations was 193 million shares, flat quarter-over-quarter. We have existing 
authorization for $905 million for additional share repurchases that we periodically consider in the form of open market 
purchases, ASRs, and other strategies. In Q3, we did share repurchases of approximately $25 million, or 1.2 million 
shares. 

Moving on to the cash flow and balance sheet items. Operating cash flow was approximately 105 million in the third 
quarter and was 222 million year-to-date. The 222 million year-to-date excludes $101 million of excess tax benefit 
associated with tax – associated with stock-based compensation that appears in financing cash flow. At Analyst Day, 
I'll be introducing a cash flow metric that will help you to better track changes in cash flow. With the majority of the 
divestitures behind us, there will be less noise and greater consistency in cash flow in 2010. 

Consolidated capital expenditures were 25 million in the quarter, and 66 million year-to-date. Of the 25 million, 
approximately 80% represents capital expenditures for core services. 

We ended the quarter with a strong balance sheet, with ending cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash of $1.4 
billion, up approximately 124 million from the prior quarter. During the quarter, we repurchased $25 million worth of 
stock and received divestiture proceeds of approximately $45 million. There were no distributions in Q3 from the 
reserve funds, and there remains 32 million in these funds that are currently classified in other current assets. 

Net consolidate DSO for the fourth quarter was 29 days, down one day from last quarter. Deferred revenue from 
continuing operations ended the quarter at $881 million, up 3 million from Q2. We ended the quarter with 
approximately 2,650 employees, down 150 from last quarter, primarily stemming from the divestitures. 

Moving on to our outlook. For Q4, we expect revenue for the core businesses will be 258 to $262 million, flat to up 
2%. As previously indicated, we expect Q4 non-GAAP operating margin and other income to be in line with Q3. 

We're looking forward to our Analyst Day in two weeks and the opportunity to present to you our go-forward strategy 
and vision for the company. The event will be webcast via a link on our Investor Relations website as well as available 
for replay. 

We'd now like to open the call for your questions. Operator? 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] And we'll go first to Sterling Auty with JPMorgan. Mr. Auty, please go ahead, your line is 
open. 

And due to no response, we'll move on to Todd Raker with Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - Todd Raker>: Hey, guys. Two questions for you. First, 1.4 billion of cash on the balance sheet. Can you talk 
about stock buyback versus acquisitions and what you're thinking strategically with such a strong balance sheet? 

And secondly, can you just talk about – at your Analyst Day two years ago, you kind of hinted that you thought the 
employee run-rate would be about 2,000 employees when the divestitures were all done. You're still well above that 
level. On an employee base, where do you see this thing going over the next 12 to 18 months? Thanks. 

<A - Mark D. McLaughlin, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, hey Todd, it's Mark. On the use of cash, 
as I think – as we mention in the past, we take a pretty conservative view on cash, given the economic outlook. Given 
what appears to be a turning point in the economy, we feel better on that aspect when we consider the use of cash. As 


Brian said, we have about 900 million in buyback authorization the Board, currently we purchased about $100 million 
of this to date, and we'll talk more about use of cash and proceeds at Analyst Day coming up in later November. 

<A - Brian G. Robins, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: And I'll take the employee one. 
There's about – as I said, we have 2,650 employees at the end of the quarter. About 600 are those related to the 
divestitures. And so I estimate that our end-of-year head count will be right at about 2,000, maybe about 2,050. 

<Q - Todd Raker>: Okay. Thanks, guys. 

Operator 

And we'll go next to Phil Winslow with Credit Suisse. 

<Q - Philip Winslow>: Hi, guys. Yeah, just a question on just the pricing trends on the SSL certificates base. 
Obviously you continue to get good growth in GeoTrust, but last quarter you commented on some pricing pressure at 
the high end of the core VeriSign base. Any changes there this quarter, and how would you just sort of expect ASPs to 
trend? We saw a slight re-acceleration in sort of the year-over-year decline this quarter. Thanks. 

<A - Mark D. McLaughlin, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, Phil, thanks. Yeah, we still see 
continued pressure, particularly in the high end at the VeriSign brand from an ASP basis. So as I mentioned, we're 
pretty focused on reversing those trends. And we'll get into some of the actions we're going to take at Analyst Day as 
far as services and different strategies. So we'll talk more about that later this month. 

<Q - Philip Winslow>: And then your change on the accounting for the convert, that occurred this quarter, in Q3, 
correct? 

<A - Brian G. Robins, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yes, that's correct. 

<Q - Philip Winslow>: All right. Thank you. 

<A - Brian G. Robins, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

And we'll go next to Steve Ashley with Robert W. Baird. 

<Q - Steven Ashley>: On the certificate side, can you talk about, number one, kind of just generally what kind of 
growth you're seeing in organizational-validated certs versus domain-validated certs? In terms – your revenue growth? 

<A - Mark D. McLaughlin, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Sure. Yeah, so, Steve, that kind of breaks 
down almost exactly along a – the end of high-end versus low-end. So it's – on a revenue basis, you'll see more revenue 
associated with organizational-validated certificates just because they're more expensive than domain-validated. And 
then on a unit basis, you'd see more units being moved for domain-validated than organizational-validated, because it's 
at the low end of the market. 

<Q - Steven Ashley>: Can you say if domain-validated revenue is up year-over-year, and is organizational-validated 
down year-over-year? 

<A - Mark D. McLaughlin, President and Chief Executive Officer>: No. So it would be the case that both are up 
year-over-year, but the – on a relative – they're both up in year-over-year. On a relative basis, the DV would be 
growing at a faster rate than the organizational-validated. 

<Q - Steven Ashley>: Can you talk about plans – are there plans to replace Chris Babel in his role? 

<A - Mark D. McLaughlin, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, sure. So Chris will leaving us in 
mid-November. I'm currently instituting a search for his replacement. I don't have an answer for that yet, but I hope to 


shortly. 

<Q - Steven Ashley>: Thank you. 

<A - Mark D. McLaughlin, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes. 

Operator 

And we'll go next to Katherine Egbert with Jefferies. 

<Q - Katherine Egbert>: Hi, good afternoon. Can you talk about the 70% renewal rate? That's a little bit on the low 
end of your historic rate. Is there anything to be concerned about there? You said it rounded up to 70, I believe. 

<A - Mark D. McLaughlin, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, Katherine. So if you look back 
historically – I mean if you go way back, for more than a number of years, you see the renewal rate growing from in the 
60s, up into the 70s, into the high 70s, around 76% I believe was probably rough watermark, up in that neighborhood. 
And then dropping down into what we currently see it, around a 70, 71% range. 

So we're up by – we [inaudible] forecasted that, because of the renewal rate, these are in terms of basis points of 
increase over what it was last quarter. So we see it stabilized right now at around 70 – between 70, 71%. 

<Q - Katherine Egbert>: Okay. And then you had a nice lift in the operating margin for the quarter, and you guided to 
a nice margin next quarter. What about 2010? Can you just directionally tell us if those margins have any room to 
increase? 

<A - Brian G. Robins, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yes, this is Brian. So on fourth 
quarter we'll be flat over third quarter or slightly up, and we aren't giving guidance for 2010 yet. We'll provide that at 
Analyst Day, but you can expect to see incremental margin improvement over 2009. 

<Q - Katherine Egbert>: Okay. Thanks a lot, Brian. 

Operator 

And we'll go next to Rob Owens with Pacific Crest. 

<Q - Rob Owens>: Great. Couple of questions. First, on the growth in deferred, it was fairly flat sequentially. With 
any of the divestitures, was there any deferred that went away? I was just a little surprised, especially given the growth 
in the domain names this quarter. 

<A - Brian G. Robins, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Hey, Rob, this is Brian. There's a 
couple things. That is a continuing operation, so it doesn't include our prepaid business as well which we're in the 
process of winding down. And so, every quarter, we have a wind-down event. There was, as Mark alluded, some 
softness in the Authentication business, so there was a use of deferred revenue there as well. And then we had a smaller 
increase in deferred revenue pickup than we've typically seen in prior quarters from our Japan subsidiary. 

<Q - Rob Owens>: Okay. Is there any way you can get us to kind of a continuing deferred, Brian? 

<A - Brian G. Robins, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Continuing deferred? 

<Q - Rob Owens>: Yeah. If you were to take – if you were to net out the prepaid business? 

<A - Brian G. Robins, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, I don't have that off the top, 
but it's – there was – you'd call it a 0.5 million to $1 million decrease related to the prepay business. 

<Q - Rob Owens>: Great. And then second, with new gTLDs being pushed out, any thoughts, is this a positive for 
VeriSign over the next year? 


<A - Mark D. McLaughlin, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah – Rob, it's Mark. Yeah, I think it's a 
positive for VeriSign. I think what we're going to see from – as far as when they would come out, likely that all the 
guidelines and specifications will be done sometime in mid-2010. But I wouldn't expect to see actual rollouts of these 
things till the end of 2010 and probably into 2011. 

<Q - Rob Owens>: Great. Thanks, Mark. 

Operator 

And we'll go next to Shaul Eyal with Oppenheimer. 

<Q - Shaul Eyal>: Thank you. Hi. Good afternoon. A quick question, guys. I think ICANN recently passed some sort 
of a resolution that allows domain name in Chinese and other kind of non-Latin script. Is that a positive? Is that an 
opportunity for you guys, or is that some sort of a threat? 

<A - Mark D. McLaughlin, President and Chief Executive Officer>: No, Shaul, it's – we look at that as an 
opportunity. So what ICANN just did was they said they were going to allow the introduction for international domain 
names, starting with country code domain names. So think of .china, .germany. So that's likely to come out sometime 
next year. That won't impact us because it's highly – we don't play in the ccTLD space, so we don't – unlikely we'd do 
that. 

But, following that, most likely into 2011, then ICANN would allow for the rollout of the international domain name 
version of ASCII domain names, or gTLDs. So like .com and .net. So in that case, of running .com and .net, in those 
localized versions in different countries, we see that as an opportunity for us. 

<Q - Shaul Eyal>: Got it. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

And we'll go next to Sarah Friar with Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - Sarah Friar>: Great, thanks for taking my question. Just on the gross margin side, gross margins have been 
ticking very nicely upwards here, and this quarter, down a little. I mean, I know we're nitpicking a little. But is there 
anything that impacted the gross margins? And as you look forward, would you continue to expect to see expansion 
from here? 

<A - Brian G. Robins, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Hi, Sarah. This is Brian. 

<Q - Sarah Friar>: Hi. 

<A - Brian G. Robins, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: We really tend to focus more on the 
operating margin, and don't focus sort of on the cost categories between gross margin, sales and marketing, R&D, and 
G&A. There are some things that – on prior quarters, we had this statement of work that had some fluctuations in the 
cost of revenue. And you can expect gross margin to be in the 79 to 80% range. 

<Q - Sarah Friar>: Okay, terrific. And then the same, just on your – I know you said you don't want to focus 
line-by-line, but in G&A, you're showing a very nice progression there. As the heads come out through next quarter, is 
there a reason why that shouldn't continue to go down? I know you guided more flat, but as the heads come out, 
shouldn't we see kind of a bunch of costs come out in Q4? 

<A - Brian G. Robins, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, we've taken – as I alluded to 
in my prepared remarks, we've taken out a lot of the shared services costs out of the business already -


<Q - Sarah Friar>: Okay. 


<A - Brian G. Robins, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: – and so as we account for the 
businesses that are being divested, that got included in the discontinued operations, and so there won't be additional 
large decreases. 

With that said, we're focused like a laser on cost containment and where we can take cost out of the business, so I 
would expect G&A to decline as a percentage of revenue, and – on an absolute basis, not increase. I think there's one or 
two things that we may have next quarter where it may bump up just a tad, but I don't think – long term, you can expect 
it to remain at that level or decline. 

<Q - Sarah Friar>: Terrific. Thank you. 

Operator 

And we'll go next to Kerry Rice with Wedbush. 

<Q - Kerry Rice>: Thanks a lot. Drilling down a little bit on domain names first, can you talk a little bit if you saw 
more advertisers come back because of the economy, buying domain names this quarter? 

<A - Mark D. McLaughlin, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, Kerry. That's kind of hard to tell 
because – with the financial distinctions gone between purchasers of what we would call traditional and what we used 
to call advertising folks, it's difficult to tell for what purpose people are buying, because they're buying at the same 
price now. So specifically, no, I couldn't tell you the difference between the two. 

One thing that is heartening is that we've heard folks who are in the online advertising business and the search business 
say that they're either seeing stabilization or starting to see some increase, and we think that we have some level of 
correlation related to that on a lagging basis. So if that's true and continues to go up, we would expect to see that help 
us. 

<Q - Kerry Rice>: Could you characterize the kind of acceleration in domain name growth from last quarter, driven by 
any particular trend, then? Or group? 

<A - Mark D. McLaughlin, President and Chief Executive Officer>: So, on a new named – or the added names into 
the base, those were flat on quarter-over-quarter, so on the renewals, we saw a bit of an increase on renewals. That was 
pretty much across the board. So we took that as just a general – good news, probably due to the economy improving. 

<Q - Kerry Rice>: Okay. And then on the certificates, can you talk a little bit about the demand for EV certs? I know 
that you said the high end was still seeing some pressure from pricing, but what about demand for EV certs? Is that 
picking back up or how would you characterize that? 

<A - Mark D. McLaughlin, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, EV continues to grow well 
quarter-over-quarter, but as a percent of the base, it's not yet providing significant positive impacts to the ASP. So we 
continue to market and sell it very aggressively, but you're viewing it as more closely in line with our high-end 
certificate offerings in the SGC, or Server-Gated Cryptography, base. And I'll talk more about this and the strategies 
around SSL at Analyst Day. 

<Q - Kerry Rice>: And then, last question, the – your VeriSign Internet Defense Network Services, is there – can you 
quantify what that was during the quarter, revenue-wise? 

<A - Mark D. McLaughlin, President and Chief Executive Officer>: We don't have that quantified. We gave some 
direction previous – earlier in the year as far as iDefense and the bundled services around that, but for Internet Defense 
Network, we've got good response, have a solid pipeline for that, and again, I'll be getting into new services at – in a 
couple weeks. 

<Q - Kerry Rice>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Mark D. McLaughlin, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. 


Operator 

And we'll take a follow-up from Sterling Auty with JPMorgan. 

<Q - Sterling Auty>: Hey, thanks, guys. Sorry about earlier. Too many earnings all at once. 

<A - Mark D. McLaughlin, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, glad to see you awake. 

<Q - Sterling Auty>: So hopefully, somebody didn't ask it in this way, but if I look at the deferred revenue, can you 
give us some characterization in terms of what the impact on deferred revenue? Because it looked a little light to me, in 
terms of the SSL unit volume, versus maybe duration from either SSL or the naming business. Or was there actually 
any adjustment that was done for any of the divestitures? 

<A - Brian G. Robins, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Hey, Sterling. This is Brian. On the 
deferred revenue, as I went through a little earlier, there was – it's continuing operations, and so it includes some 
businesses that we're winding down such as prepay. And so every quarter, you'll see – we see, if you look at the 
line-level detail, a decrease as that business continues to wind down and we aren't going after new sales. 

Additionally, in our Authentication business, there was some weakness, as Mark alluded to in his prepared remarks, 
which had a decline quarter-over-quarter. And in Japan, we saw a smaller increase due to the economic softness we're 
seeing over there. 

<Q - Sterling Auty>: Okay. And then in terms of – I think you've gone into some detail on the pricing, you're holding 
off for the Analyst Day, which I understand. But if you were to look at the – looking at just a pure number that you had, 
the 1.2 million. So if you look at the volumes, when you look at the volumes in the high end versus volume in the low 
end, and setting EV aside, how would you kind of characterize the – if you want to call it a shortfall, relative to your 
own expectations, where was the bigger kind of pressure seen? From a volume perspective? 

<A - Mark D. McLaughlin, President and Chief Executive Officer>: At the high end, Sterling. So we're – all 
segments continue to grow, but they – they're growing at different rates, and it sort of falls out as the slowest rate at the 
high end, kind of medium at the mid to – middle end, at the low end, grows at a much faster than the – either of those 
two. 

<Q - Sterling Auty>: All right. Thanks. 

<A - Mark D. McLaughlin, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes. 

Operator 

And we'll go next to Scott Kessler with Standard & Poor's Equity. 

<Q - Scott Kessler>: Thanks a lot. Can you guys talk a little bit about the pipeline, and potential revenue wins, with 
respect to the government vertical more specifically? Thanks? 

<A - Mark D. McLaughlin, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, sure, Scott. So on the government side – 
well, I'll put this into a couple categories. A number of our services are sold and have been sold for awhile directly to 
the government related to PKI, SSL, and the security side of the business. And that continues to be a nice business for 
us. We have a renewed focus on the government side in terms of having kept iDefense and now our DDoS mitigation 
service, so we're pretty targeted at the government with those things. And then the third thing is, as Brian mentioned 
earlier, we have occasionally we have some opportunities with the government that we take – we take when we get 
them, for different services, but those tend to be one-time in nature and not a recurring basis. 

<Q - Scott Kessler>: So if I could follow-up, Mark. So would you indicate that your business in government-related 
offerings is outperforming, say, the non-government operations at this point? 


<A - Mark D. McLaughlin, President and Chief Executive Officer>: No. No, I wouldn't say that. I'd say we have a 
nice, steady business in the government, but it's – that's not a major part of our business. You have to remember, Scott, 
one thing is that everything we sell is on a services basis, and usually, as a generalization, the government likes to buy 
products. It's a little hard to sell services into the government anyway. 

<Q - Scott Kessler>: Okay. Thanks a lot. 

<A - Mark D. McLaughlin, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] And we'll take a follow-up from Katherine Egbert with Jefferies. 
<Q - Katherine Egbert>: Hi. I'm just wondering, did I miss it? Did you give out the revenue by segment? 
<A - Brian G. Robins, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Hi, Katherine. This is Brian. The – 


on the revenue side, the breakdown's about 61% for Naming, and 39% for Authentication, and the Authentication 
includes VeriSign Japan. 
<Q - Katherine Egbert>: Okay. 


Operator 

And we'll take a follow-up from Phil Winslow with Credit Suisse. 

<Q - Philip Winslow>: Hi guys. Just a quick question on the pricing front. In .com and .net, any sort of change in your 
thought process about when we might or might not see any sort of change there with your contract? Thanks. 

<A - Mark D. McLaughlin, President and Chief Executive Officer>: No, Phil. So if I take the question as how we're 
looking at potential price increases, no change in that. We continue to watch that closely, take those one at a time. So – 
if that's what you meant. 

<Q - Philip Winslow>: Thanks, guys. 

Operator 

And we'll go next to Steve Ashley with Robert W. Baird. 


<Q - Steven Ashley>: Just if I could follow up on domain names, on the renewal rate. As the PPC names have run off, 
shouldn't we see renewal rates kind of improve as we move into 2010? 
<A - Mark D. McLaughlin, President and Chief Executive Officer>: That's possible, Steve, yeah. So like I said, 


we're – we saw, quarter-over-quarter, an improvement in renewal rates, and again, it's a little difficult to get into the 
base now and say what was advertising and traditional, but as a general matter, both appear to be improving slightly. 
<Q - Steven Ashley>: And in terms of – on the certs side, at the high end, how are renewal rates running there? 
<A - Mark D. McLaughlin, President and Chief Executive Officer>: In the mid 50%. 


<Q - Steven Ashley>: And is that normal? Is that -<
A - Mark D. McLaughlin, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, that's in line with the entire brand of 
offerings. 


<Q - Steven Ashley>: Thank you. 


Operator 

[Operator Instructions] And it appears we have no further questions. At this time, I would like to turn it back over to 
Miss Nancy Fazioli for any additional or closing remarks. 

Nancy Fazioli, Investor Relations 

Thank you, operator. We anticipate that our next quarterly conference call, which will reflect our fourth quarter 2009 
results, will be held on Thursday, February 4, at 2 PM Pacific time. 

I would like to remind in you that in light of Regulation FD, VeriSign plans to retain its long-standing policy to not 
comment on its financial guidance during the quarter unless it is done so through a public disclosure. 

Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions from this call. Thank you for your 
participation and continued support. This concludes our call. Thank you, and good evening. 

Operator 

And that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2013, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


