Q3 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Michael Partridge, Vice President, Investor Relations 
• Matthew W. Emmens, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• Nancy J. Wysenski, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer 
• Peter Mueller, Executive Vice President, Global Research and Development, and Chief Scientific Officer 
• Ian F. Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
• Robert Kauffman 
Other Participants 

• Ted Tenthoff 
• Phil Nadeau 
• Thomas Russo 
• Howard Liang 
• Jason Kantor 
• Y Katherine Xu 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, and welcome to the Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Incorporated Third Quarter 2010 Conference Call. Today's 
conference is being recorded. For today's opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the conference over 
to Mr. Michael Partridge. Please go ahead, sir. 

Michael Partridge, Vice President, Investor Relations 

Thank you. Good evening. This is Michael Partridge. Welcome to the Vertex conference call. As we get started, I will 
review some of the key highlights from our third quarter. We completed and disclosed top line results from the two 
remaining Phase 3 trials of telaprevir-based regimen for the treatment of hepatitis C: ILLUMINATE in genotype 1 
treatment-naïve patients and REALIZE in genotype 1 treatment-failure patients. We also completed a convertible debt 
financing that strengthened our balance sheet. This enabled us to complete the third quarter with approximately 1.2 
billion in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, and allows us to enter 2011, our telaprevir launch year, in a 
strong financial position. 

And recently we have initiated two important clinical trials. First, in hepatitis C, we have started a 700 patient Phase 3b 
study that will evaluate twice-daily dosing of telaprevir, and second, in cystic fibrosis, we commenced a Phase 2a trial 
evaluating a combination of our two CFTR modulators, VX-770 and VX-809. 

Looking ahead, we have a number of important events in the near term. At the AASLD meeting in Boston next week 
we will present Phase 3 ADVANCE and ILLUMINATE data for telaprevir to the medical community. We will 
complete our rolling NDA submission for telaprevir shortly thereafter. Beyond hepatitis C, we are also approaching the 
conclusion of the Phase 3 registration program of VX-770 in the G551D mutation. We should have data from this 
program in the first half of 2011. In addition, we expect to receive clinical data from our trial of VX-765 in epilepsy 


before the end of this year. We anticipate that it will be a busy end to a very exciting year. 

Following me on today's call will be prepared remarks from Matt Emmens, Nancy Wysenski, Dr. Peter Mueller, and 
Ian Smith. In addition, Dr. Bob Kauffman is also here with us today and he will take part in Q&A. 

Please note that information discussed on this conference call includes forward-looking statements, which are subject to 
the risks and uncertainties discussed in detail in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, 
including our 10-K. We will discuss GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures on this call. Information regarding our 
use of non-GAAP financial measures, and a reconciliation of those measures to GAAP, is available in our third quarter 
2010 financial press release, which is on our website. 

Before I turn the call over to Matt, I'd like to remind those of you not attending the AASLD conference that next 
Monday, November 1, we expect that we will webcast our presentation to investors and analysts. The presentation will 
focus on the Phase 3 registration data for telaprevir. We'll be joined at our event by clinical investigators Professor 
Stefan Zeuzum and Dr. Andrew Muir. We anticipate the webcast of our presentation will begin at approximately 8 p.m. 
eastern time and run for approximately one hour. 

Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Matt. 

Matthew W. Emmens, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Michael. Let me get this speaker a little closer here, so everybody can hear. 

Well, in short, we are right where we want to be. We have achieved many, and expect to achieve all our major goals 
that we established for the company in the year 2010. We now have full data from the Phase III registration program 
for telaprevir-based therapy in hepatitis C. This will allow us to complete the rolling NDA submission this quarter. 

The profile we are establishing for a telaprevir-based therapy supports our plan to achieve and sustain leadership in 
hepatitis C. We have a regimen that has shown the ability to significantly increase viral cure rates, or SVR, in people 
with genotype 1 hepatitis C regardless of their past treatment history. This regimen has also shortened the treatment 
duration by half for the majority of treatment-naïve patients that we tested. Heading into AASLD, we don't see a drug 
in development anywhere that is better positioned than telaprevir, when approved, to treat hepatitis C. 

We are also looking to the future in pursuing novel direct-acting antiviral combinations, and we believe we are well 
positioned as anyone in the hunt for even better future regimens. As we announced today, we have completed 
enrollment in our combination study of telaprevir and VX-222. We have an update to that study which is perhaps not 
surprising that Peter will talk about shortly. Importantly, we expect to see on-treatment data in the first half of 2011. 

This has also been a year of progress for our drug candidates to treat cystic fibrosis. We are approaching completion of 
our Phase 3 registration program for VX-770. We also just announced the start of a very important proof of mechanism 
trial with VX-770 and VX-809 that targets the most common CF mutation. This trial may help us understand the 
number of people living with CF that we may be able to treat if our research and development plans are successful. 

We are well funded, with a cash position of more than $1.2 billion. That's a great position to be in to launch our lead 
drug candidate, telaprevir, and also to develop projects we have behind it. I want to reiterate something I've said before. 
What differentiates Vertex is the scale of opportunities that we have in research and development following closely 
behind the launch of telaprevir. 

Our goal is to create commercial leadership in multiple disease areas and transform Vertex into a fully capable 
biopharmaceutical company. In 2011, you will hear us talk about how we will leverage our planned commercial 
successes with telaprevir to continue to build our company. 

Right now, we are focused on completing the NDA submission for telaprevir and on ensuring a successful launch. We 
continue to put significant effort into hiring high-quality commercial leaders to manage the planned launch and future 
sales of telaprevir. We are creating something that hasn't existed before here at Vertex, and it's very exciting for 


everyone involved to build something new and something different. 

We were recently recognized in the journal Science as one of the best places to work in the industry, ahead of many of 
the world's leading pharmaceutical companies. Simply put, it's a great time to be at Vertex. 

Thank you for your time, and I will now turn the call over to Nancy. 

Nancy J. Wysenski, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer 

Thanks, Matt. I'd like to focus on three important areas today. Firstly, why AASLD is important for us and what we are 
looking forward to at this conference. Secondly, our view on the evolving hepatitis C market landscape. And thirdly, 
more detail on our progress building the commercial organization. 

So first, to AASLD. As this is a major medical meeting, we are looking forward to the presentations of the ADVANCE 
and ILLUMINATE data from our Phase 3 registration program in genotype 1 hepatitis C treatment-naïve patients. 
Additionally, based on the positive feedback we have received on our previously reported top line results from the 
Phase 3 REALIZE trial, we believe there will be a high level of interest in the REALIZE data, within the context of 
improved therapies for treatment failure patients. We expect to have a significant clinical and scientific presence at this 
meeting. I know this conference is of high interest to investors, and I look forward to seeing you there. 

Across all of our Phase 3 data, we believe that the data at AASLD will show the broad utility that telaprevir-based 
therapy could have, once approved, in treating people with hepatitis C. We're also planning to meet with and interact 
with key opinion leaders and investigators who are on the front line of hepatitis C treatment. These discussions should 
further improve our understanding of the clinical opportunity and challenges in this disease, as we finalize our planning 
for the launch of telaprevir. 

Right now, we are also closely monitoring activities taking place in the field that may result in public health institutions 
and government agencies coming together in a concerted effort to identify and treat more hepatitis C patients. While 
there are hundreds of thousands of patients already waiting for new treatments, millions more are unaware that they 
have the disease, which brings me to my second topic: the hepatitis C market opportunity. At AASLD we'll be able to 
take another look at the near-term hepatitis C market potential following recent disclosures in this space. A cursory 
analysis suggests that telaprevir continues to be well positioned compared to emerging competition. 

We are also very excited about what our market research is telling us regarding the profile of telaprevir. From 
physicians, patients, and the published data, we see the potential for telaprevir-based therapy to be a market leader, and 
through further label-expansion studies we hope to extend its leading presence into the future. For example, we just 
announced the start of a study evaluating BID dosing. This is just one of many planned activities to enhance the profile 
of telaprevir-based regimens. If successful, this trial could likely establish twice-daily dosing of telaprevir prior to the 
introduction of any competing agent with a similar or more favorable dosing schedule. 

Before I close, I would like to say a few words about our commercial and medical affairs organizations. We are pleased 
with how these are taking shape. We're building our capability and creating a new field-based model to address current 
medical needs within hepatitis C. This model is designed to leverage key expertise from groups across the company – 
commercial sales specialists, managed market personnel, medical science liaisons, medical care liaisons, and 
government affairs – to address barriers that could challenge effective treatment of the disease. We believe this 
approach offers us an advantage as we engage with the medical community in preparation for the anticipated launch of 
telaprevir. 

And now, to the further expansion of our commercial organization, we're leveraging the knowledge that we're gaining 
through the development and pre-launch preparations for telaprevir, and we've also increased our activity on the cystic 
fibrosis front. Not only are we preparing for the first set of registration data for VX-770 to come in the first half of next 
year, we own worldwide rights to our CF compounds, and therefore we're starting to establish commercial strategies for 
this program outside of the U.S. We've begun to recruit key leadership in Europe and Canada to build and manage 
appropriate plans to address the cystic fibrosis market in these territories. These efforts will build the foundation 


necessary to harness the opportunities that we believe will exist for VX-770, if approved, as well as our overall cystic 
fibrosis program. 

Thanks for your time and attention, and I will now turn the call over to Peter. 

Peter Mueller, Executive Vice President, Global Research and Development, 
and Chief Scientific Officer 

Thank you, Nancy, and good evening everyone. With my remarks I will briefly highlight our recent progress in 
hepatitis C and spend a little more time on the progress we are making in other pipeline priorities, including cystic 
fibrosis and epilepsy. 

I will start with telaprevir and hepatitis C. In line with our plans to submit a rolling NDA, earlier this year we submitted 
the CMC non-clinical documents, and as of last week we submitted the first part of the clinical package with all 
documents for the ADVANCE Phase 3 trial. Importantly, we recently concluded also a very successful pre-NDA 
meeting with the U.S. FDA and with Health Canada as a prelude to our planned submission in Canada. 

We view our interactions with the FDA and other agencies about the proposed NDA for telaprevir as straightforward 
and constructive, and we are confident that the submission will include everything that the FDA has requested for their 
review. We are focused on the completion of the rolling NDA submission with the clinical documents from 
ILLUMINATE and REALIZE this fall. 

Also in hepatitis C, we announced today that we have completed patient recruitment in the Phase 2 combination trial of 
telaprevir and VX-222, and any remaining patients will be randomized in the coming days. This will enable us to reach 
our initial target enrollment of 100 patients for the study. We also announced today that we are modifying this trial and 
will no longer randomize patients into Arm A, the lower-dose two-drug arm in which patients were dosed with a 
two-drug combination of 100 mg of VX-222 and 1125 mg of telaprevir twice daily. The decision to stop this arm was 
based on meeting a predefined stopping rule related to viral breakthrough during the first four weeks of dosing. Patients 
already enrolled in Arm A are being rolled onto pegylated-interferon ribavirin therapy. 

The other two-drug arm, which is evaluating a higher dose of VX-222 namely 400 mg twice daily, as well as both of 
the four-drug arms that include telaprevir and VX-222 in combination with pegylated-interferon ribavirin are 
continuing without any modification. To date, no viral breakthrough has been reported in any of these arms. At the 
present time, there are a number of patients currently in screening and not yet randomized. These patients will be 
randomized into one of the remaining three arms of the trial. 

We continue to expect to obtain on-treatment data from this trial in the first half of 2011, and the first SVR data in the 
second half of 2011. As Nancy mentioned, our collaborator Tibotec has initiated a Phase 3-b trial to evaluate BID 
dosing of telaprevir. The trial is expected to enroll approximately 700 genotype 1 treatment-naïve people in two 
telaprevir-based treatment arms, and will be conducted in approximately 135 trial sites globally. 

Based on advice from regulatory authorities, this trial does not include a control arm of pegylated-interferon ribavirin. 
It will be a non-inferiority trial comparing BID dosing and every-eight-hour dosing of telaprevir. We expect SVR data 
as early as 2012. 

In closing with hepatitis C, additional progress was made in our HCV-HIV co-infection Phase 2 trial. We announced 
today that we have completed enrollment of 60 patients. This trial is evaluating the safety and tolerability of 
telaprevir-based dosing, alongside several different market-leading drugs for HIV, including riotous- based regimens 
and Atripla. 

And before I turn to cystic fibrosis, we are making significant progress in the CMC manufacturing aspects of telaprevir. 
Our inventory build is on track in anticipation of the launch of telaprevir, and we are now manufacturing already tablets 
that can be shipped to pharmacies upon approval. 


Now turning to cystic fibrosis. So last week, our non-clinical, clinical and market research programs were highlighted 
at the North American Cystic Fibrosis Conference. Specifically, data from VX-809, our Phase 2 correct were presented, 
as well in vitro data of 770 that support future evaluation of VX-770 monotherapy in CF patients with a variety of 
CFTR gating mutations, similar to that of the G551D mutation, which are currently evaluated in our registration 
program. There continues to be very strong support and enthusiasm from the CF community about the potential for 
CFTR modulators to address the underlying defective protein responsible for this disease. 

Now to our Phase 3 registration program for 770. We remain on track to receive data from the program in people with 
the G551D mutation in the first half of 2011, and we expect to submit an NDA for VX-770 in the second half of 2011. 
This submission will be supported by recent safety data from the 16-week dosing period in the DISCOVER trial in 
patients with the F508del mutation, as well as the ongoing Phase 3 STRIVE and ENVISION trials in patients with the 
G551D mutation. 

With the rapid progress we have made in these trials, we are now ramping up our CMC manufacturing efforts. We are 
also establishing regulatory strategies for VX-770 outside the U.S., since this is a disease area where we expect to 
commercialize globally. We see additional opportunities to potentially expand our patient reach in our CF program, and 
initiated last week a Phase 2a proof of mechanism trial evaluating combination regimens of our corrector compound 
VX-809 and VX-770, our potentiator compound. This is an important drug to help us understand the value that the 
combination of CFTR modulators may have in addressing the F508del mutation, the most prevalent mutation, affecting 
more than 85% of the CF population. 

We are also anticipating data from the VX-765 Phase 2 proof-of-concept drug in epilepsy now. As a caspase-1 
inhibitor, VX-765 inhibits the production of IL-1 beta, a major driver of inflammatory responses. In preclinical studies, 
this compound showed reduced seizure frequency in both acute and chronic models of epilepsy, and the proof of 
concept study will be completed soon, and we expect to have clinical results including safety and seizure frequency 
data before the end of the year. 

We are also making progress with enrollment in the ongoing Phase 2 proof-of-concept trial of VX-509, our JAK3 
inhibitor, in rheumatoid arthritis. We expect interim data from this trial in 2011. 

As you can hear, we have had a tremendously productive year as we continue to build a balanced yet focused clinical 
pipeline of opportunities. Now, I want to thank you for your attention and turn the call over to Ian. 

Ian F. Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks, Peter and good evening to everybody. Vertex is financially strong. We look forward to becoming a 
cash-flow-positive company as early as 2012 on the planned launch of telaprevir. To get to this stage it has been 
necessary to make significant investments across our business. We have executed a number of financial transactions 
through the recent years in order to maintain a strong capital structure and to support the continued investment in our 
pipeline. Most recently, in the third quarter we completed a convertible debt financing of $400 million. That put our 
cash position as of September 30, 2010, at over $1.2 billion of cash and cash equivalents, to support the planned launch 
of telaprevir and maintain the overall business strategy. Excuse me. 

We are well capitalized as we enter 2011 and have the financial strength to maintain our investment into our research 
and development pipeline. We have carefully planned this position, as we'd like our R&D pipeline to create fast 
followers to the planned launch of telaprevir, something unique for a company at this stage. 

We tend to operate the company under a model of revenue growth and high operating margins, which is enabled by the 
high-value specialty disease areas. Specifically, in hepatitis C, based on the prevalence of this disease and the potential 
impact on the healthcare system, we have a rare opportunity with the significant clinical data demonstrated by a 
telaprevir-based therapy to provide a new medicine for people with hepatitis C, and increase the value of the company. 
We aim to better understand and then cure, or make significant improvement in the treatment of serious life-threatening 
diseases. 


In addition to hepatitis C, we have programs underway in several other disease areas in which these new therapies are 
urgently needed. As a result, we are preparing the company for potential successes behind telaprevir in areas such as 
cystic fibrosis. Success in these additional areas should allow us to maintain an R&D investment for the discovery and 
development of new medicines, create programs to ensure that patients have access to our new therapies, and enable us 
to maintain high operating margins – again, a rare opportunity. 

Now to our third quarter financial results. I'm just going to go over the bottom line components of our financials on 
today's call. Specifically, our GAAP net loss in the third quarter of 2010 was approximately $209 million. This 
compares to the third quarter of 2009 of approximately $150 million. The main line items within our income statement 
can be found in this quarter's press release. 

When comparing the loss on a non-GAAP basis to the third quarter of 2009, our loss increased to approximately $175 
million, from approximately $127 million in the same quarter of last year. The change was principally attributable to an 
increase in total operating expenses to support advancement of telaprevir towards its potential launch. 

Before I conclude, we are reiterating our GAAP and non-GAAP loss guidance we provided earlier this year. 
Specifically, in 2010 we guided to a non-GAAP loss of approximately $600 million. We expect to end 2010 with a 
substantial cash position and to be well-funded as we enter 2011, our planned launch year for telaprevir. We are 
committed to managing the business to achieve positive operating cash flow with telaprevir while making the 
investments necessary for potential future successes in other disease areas. 

Michael, back to you. 

Michael Partridge, Vice President, Investor Relations 

Thanks very much, Ian. We'd now like to open up the call to questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator instructions] Our first question comes from Rachel McMinn with Bank of America Merrill 
Lynch. 

<Q>: Hi. This is Marcia for Rachel. I have a couple of questions. So you've got 1.2 billion on the balance sheet. Can 
you comment on how you feel about your financial position going into the launch? And then the second one is on 222. 
Can you talk about the safety profile of 222 in the ongoing combination study? 

<A - Ian F. Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Hi, Marcia, and thanks for the questions. 
I'll, clearly I'll take the first question on the financial position. So there's part of it that we're actually proud of where we 
are, financially, for a company as we enter this period of the development of the company. But clearly we are 
financially strong with $1.2 billion of cash. We did recently do the convertible debt offering that has put us in that 
position, but we've financed the company here to take the company through the early launch of telaprevir, which 
includes 2011, to a point where we're then cash-flow positive, hopefully, from the cash flow we generate from the 
launch of telaprevir. 

So we did want to put ourselves in that position, I think we're through our major, let's say pre-launch financing 
transactions. We are in great shape, and as I say, we're proud of the position we're in, and now we can take on the 
opportunity of launching telaprevir, yet still maintaining our investment in R&D. 

<A - Robert Kauffman>: This is Bob. I will take on the question about the safety profile. So I will just reiterate the 
announcement we made today about the discontinuation of arm A was truly for viral breakthrough reasons, there was 
not a safety or tolerability issue that led to that. And as you will note, there were patients that were in the study for quite 


a number of weeks at the time that these discontinuations took place. So although we don't normally talk about the 
safety profile in ongoing studies, I think you can take from that that things are going along well in the trial and we can 
plan to continue with enrollments in all the other arms. 

<Q>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark Schoenbaum with ISI Group. 

<Q>: Hi guys, it's actually Navine for Mark. Just wanted – Bob, maybe you can expand on the safety issue with 222, 
you said there you didn't see anything worrisome. I was just wondering, from your prior experience with the drug, now 
that the low dose is out, is there any – should we be concerned that with the higher doses, we're going to see greater GI 
issues, what -- is GI a dose-dependent side effect? 

<A - Robert Kauffman>: I'll just say there were no safety issues, as I pointed out. The discontinuation of Arm A was 
related to viral breakthrough only, and obviously at this point the study has been going on for quite some time. There 
are some patients that are into the study by many weeks, and as I said we're continuing with the study as we had 
otherwise planned. 

<Q>: Okay, great. And then just one question on 770, and just trying to get to more understanding on the exact 
registration strategy there. Not sure what exactly you need for registration, if you could clarify there please? 

<A - Robert Kauffman>: What we have said, and is the case, is that the primary efficacy studies that will support 
registration are the 102 and 103 studies, and the 104 study that was recently concluded in F508del patients is providing 
supplementary safety data to support the filing. And we expect to have data on the first two studies, and actually the 
third as well, in the beginning part of next year and the first half of next year. 

<Q>: Okay, thank you very much. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Ted Tenthoff with Piper Jaffray. 

<Q - Ted Tenthoff>: Great, thank you very much for taking my question. It's good to get to speak to you guys. Just a 
little bit of probing into the 222 combination study, and this is kind of more of a 30,000-foot-view question in terms of 
your view of ultimate STAT-C therapy in hepatitis C. Does the viral breakthrough with a lower dose, without 
background standard of care, raise questions in your view about the viability of a two-agent oral STAT-C? And I guess 
what I'm kind of leading to with this is, with a first-in-class and very potent protease inhibitor, potentially most potent 
non-nuc, what are the other strategic assets that make sense to really achieving this goal of all-oral STAT-C? 

<A - Peter Mueller, Executive Vice President, Global Research and Development, and Chief Scientific Officer>: 
Maybe, Ted, I say something here. So first of all, I think at this given point in time we continue the high-dose without 
any interruption and without any breakthrough at this given point in time. And so we are basically also believing that 
there is a high potential for the overall study to succeed, because we have also the other two arms which is a four-drug 
regimen that could leave us in – if successful, okay, with maybe quite astonishing results, in shortening the timeline for 
treatment regimens, and maybe get into higher SVR rates as we go forward. And also there, safety is an important 
component and they have moved forward as we speak according to plan. So at this given point in time, the study is 
ongoing, and I'm not making any conclusions about the value or not value of any of the regimen. So that's the first 
thing. 

In terms of the other strategies that you can have, I think we are currently considering, given what we have seen, to 
basically come with a fifth arm – well now a fourth arm again, that may contain either interferon or ribavirin, and 
maybe see the light of the day beginning of next year in terms of going into patients. So I think that's the near-term 


strategy around this type of particular regimen that we have in mind. And I think it's way too early to try to draw any 
conclusions from what you have seen so far about the value. I personally believe that high value is still ongoing. 

<Q - Ted Tenthoff>: All right. That's helpful. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Geoffrey Meacham with JPMorgan. 

<Q>: Hi, this is Christian on behalf of Geoff. I have a couple of questions. First one is, I was wondering if you heard 
anything regards to the IL-28b testing getting incorporated into clinical practice, and would payers appreciate the 
therapeutic difference between telaprevir and boceprevir? And I have another CF question. 

<A - Robert Kauffman>: Maybe – this is Bob -- I will take the first question. Yes, we've – now that the tests are bit 
more available, we have heard that clinicians are using them. Remember, this is in the context of PEG and ribavirin 
therapy, which is where the value of the IL-28 has been shown. I think it is yet to be seen how much value IL-28B 
testing will have, except the comment that I have made before, and that is, it actually could offer the opportunity to 
provide more optimized regimens. For example, shorter duration regimens should IL-28B have a role in a direct-acting 
antiviral therapy. That's the place where we see the potential value coming, and we just have to wait to see. 

<Q>: Okay. Yeah, go ahead. 

<A - Nancy J. Wysenski, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer>: This is Nancy. In response to 
your question about the differences between telaprevir and boceprevir and the payers' view we're early now on in a very 
lengthy and robust process that will result in our pricing at the point of our launch of telaprevir. And I can tell you that 
as we go into that research, one thing that is very evident is that the payer community sees how highly innovative these 
products are. And in addition to that, we are aware, as they are, that these products actually save lives. They are cures. 
So the more effective a product becomes, the more quickly we cure a greater number of patients, therefore staving off 
future charges to their healthcare system. 

<Q>: Okay, thank you. I have a CF question, could you help us understand where VX-770 can be used in CF patients 
who do not have a G51D mutation? I'm just trying to understand what percentage of CF patients VX-770 can be 
targeted to? 

<A - Robert Kauffman>: This is Bob. As you know, at the CF meeting we presented data on a series of other in vitro 
data on a series of other gating mutations. So these are other mutations that produce the same sort of phenotype of the 
G551D, which is the focus of our registration program. In general, we have seen a good correlation between in vitro 
and in vivo data, but obviously this is something we will have to study clinically. It could add as many as 3% or so 
more patients – 3% of the total CF community, to potentially to the market for VX-770, should those studies turn out to 
be successful, and that is something we are certainly looking into. 

<Q>: And this would be 3% in addition to the percentage of patients with G51D? 

<A - Robert Kauffman>: Yes, those are estimated to be about 4% of the total CF population, and this would add 
perhaps another 3% of the total CF population on top of that. And there could be others, I mean we're sort of still in the 
process of exploring what other mutations might actually be beneficial to study. 

<A - Michael Partridge, Vice President, Investor Relations>: Christian, this is Michael. There was an abstract that 
we can send to you the details [inaudible] these mutations, what they specifically are. We'd be happy to do that. 

<Q>: All right, great. Thank you. Thanks very much. 

Operator 


Thank you. And our next question comes from Phil Nadeau with Cowen & Company. 

<Q - Phil Nadeau>: Yes, thanks for taking my questions. My first is on the BID dosing trial that you've just initiated 
this evening. I was wondering if you could disclose for us the non-inferiority margins for that study? 

<A - Robert Kauffman>: Yeah that's something -- those kinds of details we don't usually get into. That's all I can say, 
really, about that. 

<Q - Phil Nadeau>: Okay. Fair enough. And then second, Ian, the question for you, if I look at my model and compare 
the loss run rate that you're at now with your guidance, it seems like that implies the loss is going to decrease in Q4. Is 
that correct? If so, why? Is there a milestone payment expected, or something else going on in the fourth quarter? 

<A - Ian F. Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: So, you are correct. When you take the 
nine-month run rate and [inaudible] Q4, then we do anticipate a lower loss, and that will be a combination of both a 
lower R&D number, but it's actually principally driven by revenues. And those would be revenues that are generated 
from our relationships with Mitsubishi and J&J. 

<Q - Phil Nadeau>: Okay. Great. And Nancy, one last question for you. There is some speculation that Merck may 
already be on file with boceprevir I'm wondering, first, if you're hearing that same thing, and second if that changes 
your strategy in any way, if boceprevir were to come a few months before telaprevir? 

<A - Nancy J. Wysenski, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer>: Yeah, Phil, I'm not the expert 
on what Merck is doing or planning, but I can tell you that we will do everything in our current plan, which is a plan for 
success, and to date I think the profile of telaprevir has shown superiority in many ways over boceprevir and we are just 
going to continue with our plan and come to market, and I'm sure it will be a success. 

<Q - Phil Nadeau>: Okay. And would it affect your pricing at all, if they put out a price before you did? 

<A - Nancy J. Wysenski, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer>: We can't comment on pricing, 
and again, I can't comment on what Merck's plans are. 

<Q - Phil Nadeau>: Okay, fair enough. 

<A - Peter Mueller, Executive Vice President, Global Research and Development, and Chief Scientific Officer>: 
The only other comment I want to make is, it's not like there is miles in between, if that is true, which is not a given at 
this point in time. We are basically in the process of finalizing our submission, too. So I think it's a matter of weeks, not 
months. 

<Q - Phil Nadeau>: Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tom Russo from Baird. 

<Q - Thomas Russo>: Thanks for taking the question. I was wondering if there was anything else from the telaprevir 
plus 222 trial that you can say, in terms of – I don't know if there would be breakthroughs that were non-wild type, or 
the percent getting to undetectable on the high-dose arm, or maybe from the – if you can refresh us on the stopping 
criteria, what we can rule out as being seen in the high-dose arm? Anything along those lines? 

<A - Robert Kauffman>: Nothing along those lines. We don't have a lot of information at this point about the trial. I 
will go back to our overall goals. We are very happy with the study design, we have both a higher dose arm and the two 
quadruple arms, and the study is just proceeding on. 

<Q - Thomas Russo>: Can you comment at all on what proportion, roughly, of patients in the Arm-B have gotten out 
to, pick a time point like four weeks? 


<A - Ian F. Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. Tom, maybe I'll just jump in on 
this one, which is just in terms of disclosure regarding the study, we will be providing on-treatment updates in 2011, 
given that we did achieve completion of enrollment in this quarter. So we will provide you with the on-treatment 
update in 2011. 

<Q - Thomas Russo>: Okay. And then just continuing a little bit, maybe big picture there, and following up on earlier 
question, at one point would you decide if you want to try to include something that's currently external to Vertex, and 
could you provide maybe as part of that answer an update on the NS5A, and how if at all that might fit into this trial at 
some point? 

<A - Peter Mueller, Executive Vice President, Global Research and Development, and Chief Scientific Officer>: 
I think that's a good question. So in general, as we have said in earlier calls and interactions, we are very interested in 
basically exploring a broad set of different regimens as they come available to us. And that includes basically all 
mechanisms that are currently sort of in the discussions. The main ones like 5A, nucs, non-nucs, but also other 
interferons or potentially immune-related type of approaches. Now, when is the right time? Whenever we have such a 
regimen. It is not necessarily to be linked to this ongoing trial; there will be several separate trials that will try to figure 
out the value of any of these as we go forward. So we have high interest, and always have, and we are currently 
evaluating all that, including our internal ones, as to how to best to strategize to reach out to the patient populations that 
need our help. 

<Q - Thomas Russo>: Okay. And then last question, and I'll step out. Can you comment at all on what gave you the 
confidence to start recruiting leadership for the CF program in Europe and Canada? 

<A - Nancy J. Wysenski, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer>: We've got an ongoing clinical 
program. As you've heard, we expect that to report out in the first half of next year. We are confident, because we've 
had a good solid history, and we're moving forward with the build-out in both cases. 

<Q - Thomas Russo>: Okay. Thanks very much. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Yaron Werber with Citi. 

<Q>: Hi, this is Gloria actually covering for Yaron. I was just wondering if you could give us some color on your 
expectations for the Phase 2 JAK program in rheumatoid arthritis? Do you expect similar side effects to JAK in – that 
Pfizer has; what about relative potency, is it more selective? If you just give us a little more color on that? 

<A - Peter Mueller, Executive Vice President, Global Research and Development, and Chief Scientific Officer>: 
I think when you go back into the data that we have released, I think we have shown in Ib settings that we based on 
markers [inaudible] JAK2 in relevant dosing regimens, which is a superiority over other JAK molecules that are out 
there which hit JAK2 and JAK1. So from that we expect near-term and long-term benefit, because JAK2 and JAK1 is 
involved in several metabolic but also nerve differentiating type of mechanisms, and I think we will be fine. Even the 
Pfizer data that are out there that you might have seen, I think where they had to go for a lower-dose regimen, which 
basically at that level will not hit JAK2, gives us enough confidence that JAK3 as the main mechanism has importance, 
and gives us enough confidence that our molecule might work. So we'll see next year when we have all the data. 
Overall, the confidence level is high. 

<Q>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Howard Liang with Leerink Swann. 


<Q - Howard Liang>: Thank you very much. Regarding the telaprevir-222 combination trial, I think Peter mentioned 
that there has been no viral breakthrough in any of the other arms, and Bob mentioned that a patient has been on it for 
many weeks. So my question is, should we take this, take the lack of a modification to Arm B, as a very positive data 
point? And specifically, has Arm B passed the same interim block that has stopped Arm A? 

<A - Robert Kauffman>: The trial – that's why we're doing the studies. The trial is ongoing, and we will see how the 
results go. As we said at this point, things look well, and we'll just take it as it comes. 

<A - Ian F. Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Howard, maybe I will just add that, 
clearly we have had some discussions on this since we recently found out, but what we are finding with the whole 
landscape here is the two-drug oral is really challenging. We've seen the data in the abstracts for AASLD now. Matt 
made a comment in his remarks that this didn't come as a surprise as the low-dose arm. And to us, we're dealing with it, 
we're thinking about how the study may progress in the other arms. We're hopeful, given there's four drugs. We're 
hopeful in the high-dose two-drug arms. But we're starting to find that this is very challenging, for two direct antivirals 
put together to cure this virus, in specifically the naïve patients. 

It does just give to me a chance to also say, it is part of how we see the market starting to shape now. When we look at 
a telaprevir based therapy, which is telaprevir, interferon and ribavirin, we find there's a lot of discussion around 
combination therapy and the two drugs, and could that just come and change this market. We're finding it's very hard; 
when it's very hard it takes longer. So we're happy to see how telaprevir, interferon and ribavirin is progressing, 
because we think that could be a market lead for a long period of time, while we try to understand maybe a further 
improvement to the regimen, and that's what we're working on, that's what this study is about. But we are happy with 
where we are with telaprevir-based therapy, as well with interferon and ribavirin. 

<Q - Howard Liang>: Regarding the BID versus TID, I think the, what's called the OPTIMIZE study, the patient – the 
selection rule for 24 weeks treatment, I think was described by the week – based on week 4 response. My question to 
you, is this is a new selection scheme? I think previously in ADVANCE there was both week 4 and the week 12? 

<A - Robert Kauffman>: Yes, you are very astute to have picked that up. It is slightly different, and we are using 
week 4 as the determining criteria for deciding on the duration of treatment. In many respect it's a bit simpler and it's 
something we obviously want to explore in this trial. 

<Q - Howard Liang>: Okay. And then lastly, just a disclosure question for Ian. Will STRIVE and ENVISION, that's 
the CF trials, will the two separate trials be announced at the same time? I think STRIVE will conclude a little earlier. 

<A - Ian F. Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: We look at it as a broad registration 
program that is done in adults and then also ages 6 through 11, but we look at it as a complete package, so you should 
expect to see top line data from that study in the first half of 2011, and all to come together because that's how we'll be 
talking to the FDA. 

<Q - Howard Liang>: Thanks very much. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from David Friedman with Morgan Stanley. 

<Q>: Hi, this is Sarah for Dave. Could you guys tell us what the resistance profiles were of the breakthroughs in the 
VX-222 trials, was it mainly nuc or PI resistance? And will you be presenting these data, and if so can you give us a 
sense of where? 

<A - Robert Kauffman>: This is Bob. We don't have resistance data at this time. That's obviously work that will be 
ongoing, and in terms of presenting the data I think the best bet is to be presenting them next year when we have – 
early next year when we have the on-treatment data. 

<Q>: Okay, great. Thank you. 


Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Jason Kantor with RBC Capital Markets. 

<Q - Jason Kantor>: Thank you. A lot of my questions have been asked. But on the OPTIMIZE study, will there be – 
will you be releasing any kind of interim data, or is the first data we're going to get the 2012 SVR data? 

<A - Robert Kauffman>: No. This is Bob. No interim data analysis is planned. 

<A - Ian F. Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: And I will just follow up Bob with that, 
and that this is a Phase 3b study. It is something that we – it's a registration study and we're going to put it on our label, 
so it will be conducted in that manner, so the first top line results you will see will actually be the primary endpoint, 
which would be SVR on safety. 

<Q - Jason Kantor>: And then there was a comment earlier that this was going to be one of many trials designed to 
enhance the profile of telaprevir. What are some of the other approaches that you can go after? 

<A - Robert Kauffman>: So this is Bob. I mean, we are obviously looking at a number of things. There are certain 
subpopulations of HCV patients that have important medical needs. And I would enumerate those as HIV-HCV 
co-infection, pre- and post-transplant patients, patients with more decompensated liver disease that haven't been studied 
in our current program, which obviously we want to begin to approach and we are doing active planning for those at the 
present time. 

<Q - Howard Liang>: Okay. And then finally, I am not trying to get you guys to give information you haven't given, 
but I think there was some confusion about how you described the data from the 222 study, when you said that you had 
not – in the other arms you had not seen any viral breakthrough. Were you – was that something that just applied to the 
four-drug arms, or did that also, that statement also apply to the two-drug high-dose arm? 

<A - Robert Kauffman>: It applies to all three arms, the two-drug high-dose arm plus the four-drug arms. 

<Q - Howard Liang>: Okay. Thank you very much. 

<A - Matthew W. Emmens, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. And operator, I think 
we have time for one more question. 

Operator 

Thank you. And our last question will come from Katherine Xu with Wedbush Securities. 

<Q - Y Katherine Xu>: Hi, good afternoon. So, just wondering whether you guys can comment on this at all. Your 
partner Tibotec, they do have a next-generation sort of protease inhibitor, TMC435 it's 2b and they are conducting this 
BID against TID for telaprevir, and if they start Phase 3 for TMC435 next year, probably they will get an SVR in 2013 
as well. So just curious from their perspective, what is the strategy there? 

<A - Ian F. Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Thanks for the question, Katherine, and 
the way we look at this is that the study we're doing to establish a BID regiment with telaprevir. Bob and Peter both 
talked about our timeline. If we're starting dosing in November of this year, we'd anticipate completion of the study in 
2012. We'll talk about, from our perspective, that establishes, if successful, establishes a BID regiment in 2012, and 
therefore maybe selling the drug as a BID drug in 2013. I actually think, and we believe based on our assessment of 
timelines, that that is ahead of the TMC435 compound that you talk about. 

I have noticed in some of the research coverage that you've published that you have an expectation that that could come 
in 2013. We believe that is just – it's too accelerated, given the program they have get through. And that's one of the 
reasons why we wanted to push our BID dosing schedule and be on the market and dosing telaprevir ahead of 


TMC435. It's interesting at this point, 435, but I still think it still has a long way to go. We'll find out more at AASLD, 
we need to see the complete data set from that molecule, and from our perspective it's about establishing the right 
dosing schedule and the best dosing schedule for telaprevir. 

<A - Peter Mueller, Executive Vice President, Global Research and Development, and Chief Scientific Officer>: 
And I add maybe one sentence to it, as long as you have ribavirin in the mix, which is a BID drug, I think there is not 
necessarily a huge benefit for a QD regimen, in terms of compliance. Because if you take all the drugs at the same time, 
you will basically have a higher chance of the people stay compliant. And especially, if you have to go for longer 
regimens, that's I think a given. So I think yes, it is a potential benefit, but I think how big that is needs to be seen. 

<Q - Y Katherine Xu>: Thank you. 

Michael Partridge, Vice President, Investor Relations 

This is Michael again. Thank you very much for spending the last hour with us. We look forward to the opportunity to 
speak with many of you again in conjunction with the liver meeting, which starts this coming weekend. And tonight, 
the Investor Relations team is available if you have any additional questions. Thank you. 

Operator 

This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2010, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


