Q1 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Michael Partridge, Vice President, Investor Relations 
• Matthew W. Emmens, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• Nancy J. Wysenski, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer 
• Peter Mueller, Executive Vice President, Global Research and Development, and Chief Scientific Officer 
• Ian F. Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
• Robert Kauffman 
Other Participants 

• Masha Chapman 
• Edward Tenthoff 
• Geoffrey Porges 
• Phil Nadeau 
• Karim De Felipe 
• Thomas Russo 
• Terrance Coyne 
• Liisa Bayko 
• Ying Wang 
• Jason Kantor 
• Alan Carr 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good evening. My name is Melanie, and I'm your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome 
everyone to the Vertex Pharmaceuticals Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute. After Vertex's remarks, 
there will be a question and answer period. [Operator instructions] 

Michael, are you ready to begin? 

Michael Partridge, Vice President, Investor Relations 

Yes. 

Operator 

Thank you. You may now begin your conference. 

Michael Partridge, Vice President, Investor Relations 

Good evening. This is Michael Partridge. Welcome to Vertex's 2010 First Quarter Conference Call. 


Before we discuss the quarter, I'll mention to you that a few days ago at the EASL Conference in Vienna, we hosted an 
investor reception communicating our progress in hepatitis C, and reviewing data that were presented on telaprevir 
combination therapy, as well as VX-222. If you missed our EASL update, an archive of the webcast is available on our 
website. We hope that everyone has now arrived safely home. 

Now to our first quarter call. Our top priority within the business continues to be the planned NDA submission of 
telaprevir in the second half of 2010 and preparation for a potential launch in 2011. Within the next two months, we 
expect to report top-line SVR and safety results from our Phase 3 trial ADVANCE, which is in treatment-naive 
patients. And then in the third quarter, we expect to report our data from ILLUMINATE, which is also in 
treatment-naive patients, and then also report data from REALIZE, which is in treatment failures. We believe that these 
data will allow us to submit the complete NDA for telaprevir in the second half of the year. 

From a commercial perspective, we are using our understanding of the HCV market to inform our go-to-market 
strategy with telaprevir. We continue to add to our commercial infrastructure with the goal of reaching efficiently the 
many hepatitis C patients who need therapy. Nancy will discuss this in more detail on the call. We're also focused on 
building long-term leadership in hepatitis C by developing further potential therapeutic regimens for hepatitis C 
patients. We are initiating a combination trial of telaprevir and VX-222, and we expect to have the first interim data in 
second half of this year. 

In addition to our hepatitis C priorities, we are seeking to advance the rest of our pipeline, including the development of 
multiple potential therapies for cystic fibrosis patients, as well as generate proof-of-concept data in other diseases, 
including rheumatoid arthritis and epilepsy. 

In today's call, our 2010 progress will be reviewed by Matt Emmens, Nancy Wysenski, Dr. Peter Mueller, and Ian 
Smith. And in addition, Dr. Bob Kauffman is also here today, and he will be joining us for Q&A. 

Please note that the information discussed on this conference call includes forward-looking statements, which are 
subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in detail in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission, including our 10-K. GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures will be discussed on the call. 

Information regarding our use of non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of those measures to GAAP is 
available in our first quarter 2010 financial press release, which is now posted on our website. All 2010 expenses 
discussed in this call are inclusive of stock-based compensation expense, expenses related to the September 2009 
financial transaction, and also, restructuring expense. 

After our prepared remarks tonight, we will try and accommodate as many questions as the time will allow. And in the 
interest of time, we ask everyone to limit themselves to one or two question at the most. And once the call concludes, 
we will be in the office to answer any additional questions that you have. 

Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Matt. 

Matthew W. Emmens, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Michael. I'd like to open with a few comments regarding the progress of our company. As you know, 2010 was 
described as a defining year for Vertex. The vision for Vertex, as I told you about at the beginning of the year, is 
starting to become a reality: to build a fully capable biopharmaceutical company around telaprevir. We have the 
pipeline and the resources to accomplish our 2010 goals, and to position Vertex to create significant shareholder value 
in the future. 

To realize our vision, we are growing the company in functions that will support late-stage development, and 
ultimately, commercialization of our compound, being HCV and CF as the first ones. From a macro perspective, it will 
come as no surprise to you that healthcare reform efforts are putting pressure on pharmaceutical and biotech companies 
to prove the value of their products. However, with Vertex's focus in serious diseases like HCV and CF, we are 
well-positioned to deliver clear benefits to patients and the healthcare system as a whole. 


With that context, let me talk about the remainder of the year, the opportunities, as well as some of the challenges, we 
face as we build a fully capable biopharmaceutical company. 

First, the opportunities. We are executing on our plan to complete the NDA submission for telaprevir in the second half 
of 2010. The strong data presented at EASL last week support the emerging product profile of telaprevir, and we are 
looking forward to releasing top-line data for all of our Phase 3 registration studies over the next two quarters. 

In addition to the progress in support of HCV, we continue to advance innovative treatments for cystic fibrosis. Our 
Phase 3 registration program for VX-770 in CF is progressing well, and we continue to explore ways to reach more 
patients with this serious orphan disease. 

Also, as you have heard me state in the past, we continue to build our pipeline, and we expect data to roll out this year 
from proof-of-concept studies in rheumatoid arthritis and epilepsy. Overall, there is a lot we will know at the end of this 
year that will help support our long-term growth and realize our vision for the business. 

Looking at the challenges, despite HCV being one of the largest therapeutic categories in this decade, it is a unique 
market. More than 3 million patients in the U.S. have HCV, but less than 1 million know they have it. And of the 
patients who are diagnosed, these patients have different degrees of intent and motivation to be treated. Nancy will talk 
about the market research we have completed, and how it will segment these patients. She will also review summary 
steps that we believe could drive patient uptake following the potential launch of telaprevir. 

Lastly, we've done a lot of things right with the telaprevir/222 combination regimen to get us where we are today. We 
have worked closely with the FDA to design trials that we believe could help redefine the treatment paradigm of HCV. 
Stay tuned as the year progresses. We expect lots of news on our current programs, as well as some new compounds 
entering into the clinic. 

Now I'll turn the call over to Nancy. 

Nancy J. Wysenski, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer 

Thanks, Matt. 

Having just returned home from EASL, I can tell you that we are well-positioned as we prepare for the potential launch 
of telaprevir. Nine posters and oral presentations related to telaprevir, VX-222, and HCV treatment were presented at 
this medical conference. Two oral presentations highlighting data from Study 107 and Study C208, as well as our Phase 
2 studies and the design of our Phase 3 studies give us confidence in the potential product profile and positioning that 
we hope to achieve with telaprevir. In particular, study C208 showed the utility of response-guided therapy in helping 
to drive the best outcomes for treatment-naive patients. That treatment regimen is consistent with our ADVANCE 
Phase 3 registration study. The results from Study 107 in treatment-failure patients were encouraging, and support our 
REALIZE Phase 3 study design, and provide us with confidence that we're evaluating the right regimens for 
treatment-failure patients. In summary, we believe we're on the path to becoming a leader in the treatment of HCV due 
to telaprevir's potential application across a broad array of HCV patients. 

Just prior to EASL, we were pleased to see our third and most recent publication of the PROVE 3 results in The New 
England Journal of Medicine. Rarely has a product candidate had such recognition prior to Phase 3. Our PROVE 1, 2, 
and now 3, data have all appeared in this prominent medical journal over the last 12 months. These publications help to 
validate the importance of our Phase 2 data, and we believe have the potential to help telaprevir, administered in 
combination with pegylated interferon and ribavirin, transform the treatment of HCV. 

As Matt said, the HCV market opportunity is significant and yet unique. One million patients are currently diagnosed in 
the U.S. But treatment rates are low. Let's remember, HCV is a disease that can actually be cured. We believe the first 
stage of success in this market will be the opportunity to drive higher treatment rates for those patients who are already 
diagnosed with HCV. We have improved our understanding of who the diagnosed patients are, where they are in the 
course of their disease, and what motivates them. 


Let me explain in a little more detail. According to market research and our own proprietary database, we believe there 
are currently up to 350,000 mono-infected genotype 1 treatment-naive patients diagnosed. However, less than 10% of 
these patients are being treated in a given year with the currently available therapies. Within the treatment-naive 
patients, we see a great deal of variance in terms of their understanding of the disease and motivation for treatment. But 
what is clear is that a subset of these patients suffer from progressive disease, and they may seek an alternative therapy. 
We believe the potential product profile of telaprevir may increase treatment rates for these patients with serious unmet 
needs. 

Now to the second group within the genotype 1 patient population, or the treatment-failure patients. We believe this 
patient population has the highest level of unmet need and therefore, offers the greatest potential to drive uptake during 
the early stage following telaprevir's launch. Based on our market research, we believe there are approximately 300,000 
mono-infected genotype 1 treatment-failure patients diagnosed today. They've all crossed a key barrier: That is, they've 
already elected to go through a round of pegylated interferon and ribavirin. These patients are also already in the 
system, if you will, and a majority of them are covered by some form of medical insurance. Given the advanced stage 
of their disease, more than one-third visit a hepatologist or gastroenterologist on average twice a year. Despite this, 
current treatment rates in this population are about 5%. With telaprevir and the right product profile, we believe we'll 
have the potential to improve these treatment rates within this previously diagnosed category. 

I'll now turn the call over to Peter. 

Peter Mueller, Executive Vice President, Global Research and Development, 
and Chief Scientific Officer 

Thank you, Nancy, and good evening, everyone. 

We have made good progress in our clinical and regulatory activities in the first quarter. In HCV, we are on track to 
receive the first result from our Phase 3 program with SVR data from ADVANCE for treatment-naive patient this 
quarter. This will be followed by data from ILLUMINATE and then REALIZE for treatment-failure patients by the end 
of the third quarter. 

In the area of cystic fibrosis, our lead program VX-770 is advancing as planned in our Phase 3 registration program. 
And we also announced in the first quarter proof-of-concept data for VX-809, our corrector compound in cystic 
fibrosis. 

In HCV, our progress is marked by a CMC pre-NDA meeting we had earlier this year with the FDA to review our 
plans for the CMC and non-clinical portion of the NDA. It was a very collaborative meeting, and an important outcome 
was that we reached agreement on a rolling submission format for the telaprevir NDA. At this time, we are preparing 
both the CMC and the nonclinical documents and expect to begin the rolling submissions this summer. 

All other documentation, including Phase III clinical data, for treatment-naive and treatment-failure patients are on 
track to be submitted in the second half of this year to complete the submission process. Also, in HCV, we are initiating 
a combination trial with telaprevir and our polymerase inhibitor VX-222 and expect to complete enrollment in the 
second quarter. We worked closely with the FDA on the design. And with this trial, we expect to evaluate sustained 
viral response, or SVR, in patients who receive 12 weeks of a two-drug or a four-drug combination that includes 
telaprevir and VX-222. The design of this trial allows us to address a serious number of questions and identify potential 
optimal regimens with different patient populations. We are positioned to get the first data from this trial in the second 
half of this year. 

I want to highlight now our key data presented at EASL. From Study 107, we reported final SVR data showing very 
positive results for all treatment-failure patients – that is, prior nulls, partial responders, relapsers, and breakthrough 
patients. These data suggest that we are investigating the appropriate regimen in the REALIZE trial and make us 
optimistic that we will exceed SVR rates offered with existing therapies. Additionally, at EASL, a sub-analysis of our 


C208 data evaluating twice-daily dosing of telaprevir records the potential use of telaprevir twice daily in the future and 
also, demonstrates the importance of response-guided therapy. 

Now to the CF program. Our Phase 3 registration program for VX-770 is on track. We completed enrollment in two of 
the three registration studies in the first quarter, and we expect to receive data from the lead study in the Phase 3 
program, which is STRIVE, in early 2011. Patients in STRIVE are being dosed for 48 weeks with a primary efficacy 
endpoint evaluating FEB1 at 24 weeks. In addition, we expect the ENVISION trial, which is evaluating younger 
patients with the G551D mutation, age 6 to 11, to complete enrollment in the second quarter. 

I would also like to quickly mention VX-809, which is our corrector compound aimed at increasing the concentration 
of function of CFTR proteins at the cell surface in the lung. The Phase 2 data we announced in February from VX-809 
provides validation for the correction concept and gives us reason to hope that we will be able to reach a broader set of 
patients with cystic fibrosis as we go forward. We are working towards evaluation of higher-doses of VX-809 and the 
combination of VX-809 and VX-770 as our next steps for this program. 

In summary, before I close, I also wanted to update you that we have commenced dosing in our proof-of-concept 
studies for rheumatoid arthritis and epilepsy. And with these studies, as well as our focus on HCV and cystic fibrosis, 
we have many opportunities to build an advanced, growing pipeline. 

I now will turn the call over to Ian. 

Ian F. Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks, Peter. 

As we've indicated in our previous calls and communications, we're putting a significant effort towards managing our 
capital structure and investments through to being a cash flow positive and profitable company. Our model is for high 
operating margins, which is driven by our focus on high-value, specialty diseases. 

We completed the first quarter of 2010 with a strong and healthy balance sheet with approximately $1.1 billion of cash, 
cash equivalents, and marketable securities, and no convertible debt outstanding following its conversion to equity. 
And with approximately 202 million common shares outstanding at this point, we're well-placed for the future. 

I'd like to provide you with a few brief remarks on our first quarter 2010 financials. Our first quarter financial results 
are largely as we expected, and our full-year non-GAAP guidance of approximately 600 million that we provided in 
February remains unchanged. Our GAAP net loss in the first quarter of 2010 was approximately 165 million. This is 
similar to the first quarter of 2009 of approximately 163 million. When comparing the loss on a non-GAAP basis to the 
first quarter of 2009, our loss increased slightly, by approximately $129 million to approximately $140 million. The 
increase is driven by increased costs to support advancement of telaprevir towards the potential launch. 

Now to the main line items within our income statement. Total revenues for the first quarter of 2010 were 
approximately $22 million, compared to $24 million in 2009, with the main revenue contributors remaining consistent 
to the prior year. 

The R&D expenses on a GAAP basis of approximately $143 million, including stock compensation of $14 million, 
were consistent with the same quarter last year at approximately $144 million. Within these numbers, though, we have 
the reducing development cost of telaprevir with a compensating increased investment towards building commercial 
products for telaprevir, as well as increased investment towards cystic fibrosis. 

The SG&A expenses on a GAAP basis, including $5 million of stock-based compensation, increased to $36 million, 
compared to 29 in the same quarter of last year, again, driven by the preparation for the potential launch of telaprevir. 

In summary, we are fortunate to be in a strong financial position since bringing a potential drug like telaprevir to the 
market and maximizing the commercial opportunity that exists in HCV requires significant investment. We are 
well-positioned for the NDA submission and potential launch of telaprevir. 


Michael, back to you. 

Michael Partridge, Vice President, Investor Relations 

Thank you, Ian. We would now like to open the call to your questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we will take our first question from Steve Harr with Morgan Stanley. 

<Q>: Sarah calling in for Steve. At EASL, investor focus was largely on the IL28 polymorphism and the impact on the 
overall addressable patient population. Wanted to just get your guys' thoughts around that and whether you think it's 
something that's a threat, or whether you see an opportunity there? 

<A - Robert Kauffman>: This is Bob. I'll try to answer that question. Obviously, the talk of the meeting in some 
respects was IL28. Many groups looking at this marker. We obviously find it to be very intriguing. It's the first real 
marker that seems to differentiate responses to interferon. 

It is, however, only one of a number of biomarkers that are currently in use, including RVR, rapid viral response, which 
we've used actually quite successfully in our development program and continue to use in Phase 3. In some respects, 
RVR may be a better predicator for SVR than IL28b, since IL28 doesn't explain sort of all of the effect. And there may 
be other markers on the way that we're not even aware of at this point. A lot of work is being done in the field. It's 
obviously a rapidly evolving field, and we're certainly interested in it. Vertex has always been kind of at the leading 
edge of the science in this area, and we're certainly interested in IL28 and other markers to help us in our development 
program. 

All in all, we kind of see it as an opportunity rather than as a threat, and we see the ability to potentially shorten 
regimens in genetically favorable populations as one way. We certainly see it as being inclusionary and not 
exclusionary in terms of patients. And as with all areas of hepatitis C, patient segmentation and differentiating 
treatment based on patient characteristics is really where the field is going; IL28 may be part of that. Obviously, we 
expect to utilize those developments in development of telaprevir as we go forward. 

As you know, most of our studies, all of our studies, were done prior to IL28 being identified, and therefore, we did not 
collect samples at the time of the study. However, we are looking into going back now retrospectively in our Phase 2 
program here to obtain IL28 data to be able to retrospectively assess its role. And I'll point out to you that so far, there 
are really no data on the effect of IL28 for direct-acting antivirals, and that's obviously something we're interested in 
finding out more about. 

So I think that's really how we view it. We certainly don't see it as a threat; we see it as just continuing on as a way of 
providing optimal therapy for patients. And we expect to be a part of that. 

<A - Peter Mueller, Executive Vice President, Global Research and Development, and Chief Scientific Officer>: 
And in addition to what Bob said, which I fully support, it begs the question about is IL28b data required for filing and 
for approval, the answer is absolutely not. I think there's not even a commercially viable assay yet available that would 
make this sort of a requirement. I think for telaprevir, as well as most likely for preceprivir, the filings will not request 
IL28b data. 

<Q>: Great. Thank you. 

Operator 


And we will go next to Rachel McMinn with Banc of America Merrill Lynch. 

<Q - Masha Chapman>: Hi, this is Masha for Rachel. Question on the combo study of telaprevir and 222. Do you 
plan to disclose two-week data, and – or should we expect some momentary data? 

<A - Ian F. Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Thank you for the question, Masha. I'll 
take it, given it's a disclosure question. We've been very clear on what we will provide, which is given that we expect to 
complete enrollment in the second quarter of this combination study, we actually will have the opportunity to collect 
both week 2, week 8, and week 12 to 8 data within the second half of the year. Which of those data we choose to 
disclose, I don't want to go into that at this point, but we will have the opportunity to disclose that data set in the second 
half of the year. 

<Q - Masha Chapman>: Thank you. 

Operator 

And we will go next to Ted Tenthoff with Piper Jaffray. 

<Q - Edward Tenthoff>: Great. Thank you very much. Thanks for the updates on IL28. Digging into the rolling 
submission – congrats on that. I think that's a really exciting development. Give us a sense of what the components are 
and when they'll be going in and sort of how we'll sequence this going into the second half and full submission? 

<A - Peter Mueller, Executive Vice President, Global Research and Development, and Chief Scientific Officer>: 
So obviously, as I stated in the marked comments is the first package that we will go forward with in a rolling 
submission is the CMC documentation, which covers basically drug substance and product. And the second piece that 
comes shortly after in summer is basically the nonclinical piece, which is basically tops data and pharma metrics data in 
a way. And then basically when we have all the data together in clinical, it means treatment-failure patients, as well as 
the naives and everything evaluated as the last portion. The clinical documents will be submitted to the agency... 

<Q - Edward Tenthoff>: And at what point do you request expedited review, or how does that work? 

<A - Peter Mueller, Executive Vice President, Global Research and Development, and Chief Scientific Officer>: 
So the point is, we have already a fast-track allowance, number one. That basically grants expedited review when we 
basically request that. And so I think we will request those things when we have our clinical pre-NDA meeting, which 
is coming down in second quarter or third quarter at the beginning, we don't know yet. 

<Q - Edward Tenthoff>: Great. Excellent. Thank you. 

Operator 

And we will go next to Geoffrey Porges with Bernstein. 

<Q - Geoffrey Porges>: Thanks very much for taking the question. A couple of things. Could you first talk a little bit 
about your strategy in genotype 2 and other patient subsets? Secondly, wondering when we might hear, Peter, a little bit 
more about your NS5a? And then lastly, just without trying to get into a full marketing campaign, could you tell us how 
you plan to compete, given what you've seen about your key competitor, Merck, showing at EASL and how they're 
positioned their product and how they're preparing for launch? Thanks. 

<A - Robert Kauffman>: This is Bob. I'll just mention about the different genotypes. As you saw, at EASL, we 
presented data on – the final data on the genotype 2, 3 studies showing that as we kind of expected based on in vitro 
data, telaprevir was highly active in genotype 2, and virtually not active in genotype 3. I think the biggest issue in those 
genotypes is, certainly for 3, we don't really have a clear path forward. For genotype 2, it really comes down to the 
value proposition in a way, since treatment results are already excellent, and the treatment duration is already 24 weeks 
for genotype 2. And therefore, what a direct-acting antiviral would deliver is not entirely clear. 


I would say looking forward, however, that genotype 2 would be certainly amendable to a combined direct-acting 
antiviral combination without interferon and ribavirin, which certainly could provide benefit to those patients. And 
also, I think for genotype 2 nonresponders, it would also be a way forward. However, we see those as kind of 
secondary to our main goal, which is really gaining approval for genotype 1. 

<A - Peter Mueller, Executive Vice President, Global Research and Development, and Chief Scientific Officer>: 
I will maybe address the NS5a portion of your question, Geoff. As you know, first of all, I, and Vertex, we believe 
strongly that NS5a is a valid platform for a null step C going forward. This is actually just clear from data that we know 
from BMS. And they have proven sort of the safety profile of this approach and everything else. So, when we acquired 
ViroChem about a year ago, they had an NS5a program in the mix, which was sort of the cornerstone for us to 
accelerate that and move forward towards our own outcome. We have now compounds that are in preclinical 
development. And we will basically report later in the year how we go forward with those and when they might reach 
the clinic. I'm very confident, and I think that's a great program. 

<Q - Geoffrey Porges>: Thanks very much. 

<A - Nancy J. Wysenski, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer>: This is Nancy, on the question 
about how we plan to compete. We believe that telaprevir has a very positive profile that will easily allow us to 
differentiate the product-based upon the data that we've perceived up to this point in time. And as we have stated in our 
prepared comments, we think that we're well-positioned with the Phase 3 trials through their design to further drive that 
differentiation once both products are approved, assuming they are. 

We look forward to any help that Merck will bring to float all boats higher in this wonderful improvement that this 
product class will bring to the market. And we think because of response-guided therapy and the high RVR rates that 
we'll be able to encourage patients, should data continue to be disclosed, consistent with what we've seen to-date to use 
telaprevir across a wide variety of patient types. 

<Q - Geoffrey Porges>: Okay. Thanks very much, Nancy. 

Operator 

And we will go next to Phil Nadeau with Cowen and Company. 

<Q - Phil Nadeau>: Good evening. Thanks for taking my question. My first question's on 222. At the meeting, there 
was somewhat of a diarrhea signal in the data that was presented. And at your investor event, you indicated that that 
signal conflicted with what you've seen in healthy volunteers over a longer time period where you don't believe there 
was much diarrhea. So, I was wondering if you could give us a little bit more information on the rates of diarrhea in the 
healthy volunteer study, and some idea of what could have led to the difference between the two patient populations? 

<A - Robert Kauffman>: This is Bob. Yeah. I'll talk about that. So, yeah, I'll remind you that the data that was 
presented at the meeting was still blinded. And so we're waiting to complete the cleanup and unblind the data, and then 
we'll obviously have a little bit better idea. Diarrhea is a side effect that's sometimes seen actually in healthy volunteers 
who are receiving placebo. 

And I did mention that, yes, we have a bit of other data. We've just started to be looking at the data from our drug 
interaction study in healthy volunteers where 222 was given by itself. And I said that the data looked reassuring. 
Obviously, having a longer duration is favorable. Given the early nature of those data in the other trial, I can't really say 
a whole lot more. Obviously, this is something we're going to evaluate as we go forward, and it will be important to 
keep looking at that. What I did emphasize is the fact that all the cases of diarrhea were mild or moderate in severity. 
We don't really consider this at this point to be a tolerability issue. And certainly, hasn't impacted our ability to go 
forward into further development. 

<Q - Phil Nadeau>: Okay. Great. And then on the CMC nonclinical parts of the NDA, I guess it's unclear to me 
whether you have all the information you need, and you're just writing up the documents, or if there's any other last 


datasets that you need to collect for either of those two components before you submit the NDA? 

<A - Peter Mueller, Executive Vice President, Global Research and Development, and Chief Scientific Officer>: 
On the CMC – and there are two portions, as you rightly said – the one is basically dealing with manufacturing and 
making API into our product. I think we have all the data that we basically need to basically go forward. And on the 
nonclinical end, we have actually also all the data and all the documents, and we are currently basically QA'ing this 
entire thing, which is the pre-step to the submission. 

<Q - Phil Nadeau>: Okay. Great. Thanks for taking my questions. 

Operator 

And we will go next to Yaron Werber with Citi. 

<Q - Karim De Felipe>: Hi. It's actually Karim calling in for Yaron. I have two questions. The first one is, if in the 
VX-222/telaprevir combo study, you feel that there's a need to dose longer, would you be able to start a 24-week study? 
And the second question is, can you give us a sense if there – what your financing plans could be before a telaprevir 
launch, if you think they're needed or not? Thank you. 

<A - Robert Kauffman>: So just to the first – this is Bob. Just to the first part in terms of the 222 strategy, we – all of 
our modeling suggests that 12 weeks is really sufficient. And I think the program is designed around that. So, we don't 
anticipate having to dose longer. 

<A - Ian F. Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: And then, Karim, to your question on 
financing plans, I'm going to take this back to the beginning of the year where we set our full-year financial guidance. 
We started the year with $1.3 billion of cash and cash equivalents, with a guidance, a non-GAAP guidance, of 600 
million. So, that gives you an idea of our cash burn against that 1.3 billion that we carried in. So, it gives you an idea of 
where we could finish this year – this year being the filing year – and the position we take into next year. 

So when asking about our financing plans, there is nothing firm, there is no decisions. And I want to see how things 
play out. It depends on how we see the data. It depends on what else needs investing in our portfolio beyond HCV. So, 
as we manage our business, we're going to keep an eye on our balance sheet in terms of what is the low-water mark. 
And we believe we need to protect the balance sheet. We have an opportunity, because as I also mentioned in my 
remarks before, is we do not have any convertible debt outstanding. And if we need to support the balance sheet and 
the cash position of the company, we have the ability to move through that avenue to finance the company, which 
obviously protects against dilution, and is a very accessible method of financing for the company at this stage of its 
development. 

<Q - Karim De Felipe>: Got it. Thank you. 

Operator 

We'll go next to Tom Russo with Robert W. Baird. 

<Q - Thomas Russo>: Hi. Thanks for taking the questions. First in the ADVANCE trial, can you remind us what you 
would consider an acceptable difference in SVRs between the 8- and the 12-week groups? And then also, how would 
that need to get into the label in order to potentially price the drug as an eight-week drug in naives? 

<A - Ian F. Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: So, Tom, I'm just going to jump in 
ahead of that question. Bob and Nancy can talk about it from their perspective. But just – the question can be a little 
confusing when you say what is acceptable, because clearly there is, from a clinical perspective, when comparing it to 
the control arm, that is a way of asking the question. And then there's also what is our hope or our expectation to set a 
competitive SVR rate, so how we can address a patient population. Just so we don't launch 1,000 ships with an answer. 
I want to make sure we're clear on the question that we're actually answering. 


So maybe Bob from a clinical perspective could answer, and Nancy can take a go at the question in terms of where we 
would like this to come in, in terms of being competitive in what the patients may be looking for in these different 
patient segments. 

<A - Robert Kauffman>: I'll answer the question this way. I think that when we went into the trial with that dosing 
regimen, we went in with an expectation that from a virological point of view, we were not really going to give up very 
much, compared to the 12-week regimen, and the goal was to examine the potential difference in tolerability of 8 
versus 12 weeks, particularly related to rash. And therefore, I don't really – to be honest, I don't really have any 
expectations, in the sense the data will be what they are. And we'll have to evaluate them and understand what they 
mean when they happen. But I think our expectations going in were that in fact, that arm would actually do pretty well. 

<A - Nancy J. Wysenski, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer>: So from a market perspective, 
we already have data in hand from the 107 treatment-failure studies that suggest that approximately 70% of the naive 
patients would be a reasonable expectation. The bottom line is how that shifts to a shorter duration of therapy, I think 
leads right back to Bob's comment, but it's a combination of your event profile versus the length of time. And anything 
you can do to decrease the amount of time you have patients on a combination regimen is seen by physicians as an 
advantage. 

<A - Ian F. Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: And Tom, I'll just clarify. The Study 
107 is the referral to a treatment PET setting where it sets the example of what you may expect from the REALIZE 
study in Phase 3. That's how we're setting our own expectations with the treatment-failure population. 

<Q - Thomas Russo>: Okay. And then just one quick follow-up for Nancy. Does the market research that you've 
spoken of say anything specifically about how motivated nulls might be to treat and also, maybe what proportion of 
previous failures know whether they're a null versus a partial versus a relapser? 

<A - Nancy J. Wysenski, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer>: I think it's quite easy to see 
that null patients are probably some of the patients who are experiencing the greatest sense of need. And their 
physicians – it's not just the patient, but the treating physicians understand that. 

I can't go into a lot more detail beyond that, other than to say that, again, we showed some great data last week about 
relapsers, who are another group who tend to get frustrated for a different problem, if you will, because they're 
encouraged to think they're responding to therapy, and then, after the completion of therapy find out in effect that 
they're left in a tougher situation. So, I think the data that we presented at EASL shows great hope for improvements in 
the therapy that will be offered to those patients. 

<Q - Thomas Russo>: Okay. Thanks. 

Operator 

We'll go next to Geoff Meacham with J.P. Morgan. 

<Q - Terrance Coyne>: Hey, guys. This is Terry in for Geoff. Can you hear me okay? 

<A - Nancy J. Wysenski, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer>: Yes. 

<A - Robert Kauffman>: Perfectly. 

<Q - Terrance Coyne>: Okay, great. So, just actually going back to the IL28 question, I'm wondering, if you will be 
collecting IL28 data from all the patients in the Phase 3 studies? And if you have any plan to present that data when 
you present the full studies, presumably at AASLD this year? 

<A - Robert Kauffman>: We're kind of looking into what we're doing with IL28 kind of across our entire program at 
this point, and I wouldn't really anticipate being able to answer that question about disclosure and presenting that 
information. It really depends on how we decide to proceed. As I reminded everyone, we didn't have IL28 testing as 


part of the original protocols. So, we're having to go back and take a look at that, and that's about all I can say at this 
point. 

<Q - Terrance Coyne>: Okay. And then just given a lot of the discussion around healthcare reform, especially today, 
can you talk about the breakdown in the HCV market of managed care, Medicaid, and managed Medicaid, if you guys 
have that information? 

<A - Nancy J. Wysenski, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer>: Sure. Obviously, as you think 
about this, Terry, the data that exist are related to patients who have already been treated. Right? So that's a subset of 
patients who've already been out there and sought treatment. We know that the majority of the HCV patients will be 
covered by some form of commercial experience – sorry, some sort of commercial insurance. And we also know that 
the Medicaid/Medicare – there are other forms of government reimbursement that I don't think we want to dive into all 
those details here – will be somewhat higher in this patient population than it might have been in say a primary-care 
audience. But the vast majority of the patients will be covered. 

<Q - Terrance Coyne>: Can you give any ballpark in terms of percentage of Medicaid? 

<A - Nancy J. Wysenski, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer>: It's so variable, to be honest. It 
depends on where you live, whether you're in a major urban center, whether you're in a rural area, what insurance 
you're covered by. So, I think it's fair, again, to say that the majority of patients will be covered and that a slightly – 
somewhat higher percentage will be covered by government plans than a primary-care product. 

<Q - Terrance Coyne>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

We'll go next to Liisa Bayko with JMP Securities. 

<Q - Liisa Bayko>: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. Just a follow-up to that question on – in terms of coverage 
under the different insurance plans or government plans, is there a difference between those who may be more 
advanced and have already been through treatment, the treatment failures, versus the treatment-naive population? 

<A - Nancy J. Wysenski, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer>: Yes. I think what's critical in 
addressing that question is the fact that what is unique to the HCV patient population is that a good subset of these 
patients will actually be cured, after they're treated again once telaprevir comes to market. And therefore, we have a 
great position to go in and talk with any sort of insurance program about. And we think that will drive very solid 
reimbursement policies, but I don't think, at least early on, that any insurance plans are going to differentiate between 
patients who are farther progressed and those who are earlier on. 

<Q - Liisa Bayko>: Yes, and I didn't think that would be the case, but I was thinking perhaps there's a – the mix in 
coverage could be different between those two groups. Interested to know if there was a difference or not. 

<A - Nancy J. Wysenski, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer>: We don't have any 
information to indicate that at this point. 

<Q - Liisa Bayko>: Okay. Fair enough. And then just looking at combination therapy. Obviously, I think it's pretty 
widely understood that complement side effects is one of the keys is to adding these agents together. And so just 
wanted to see if you could comment a little bit on sort of if you look at just telaprevir alone, what that side effect profile 
looks like, and thinking about maybe what we're starting to see as a side effect profile for 222. And specifically, when 
you remove ribavirin and interferon, you're actually removing a lot of side effects. So, if you could just – if there's any 
data we can turn to maybe – the ribavirin-free arm or anything like that – to help us understand what these two agents 
individually bring to the table? 

<A - Robert Kauffman>: This is Bob. I'll try to take that one. When we were in the process of acquiring VX-222, 
obviously one of our primary considerations was the combinability of that agent with telaprevir. And at that time – and 


we have no data to the contrary at this point – we see them as complementary and certainly, combinable from 
metabolism, from all other routes. 

In terms of the side effect profile, I think one of the things always to keep in mind is that most of the side effect profile 
for telaprevir has been generated in combination with peg and ribavirin because we can't dose for a long period of time 
as monotherapy. And it certainly is the opportunity that the side effect profile may be actually improved without those 
other two agents, even with 222 on top, because you're talking about a double drug regimen instead of multiple drugs, 
and especially without interferon and ribavirin. So, that's obviously one of the key goals that we're hoping to get from 
our next trial is to really understand what that side effect profile looks like, and that will guide further development. At 
this point, we don't see any lack of combinability or complementarity, and so we're anxious to get the data. 

<Q - Liisa Bayko>: Okay. Thanks. 

Operator 

And we'll go next to Ying Wang with Credit Suisse. 
<Q - Ying Wang>: Hey, can you hear me? 
<A - Robert Kauffman>: Yeah. 
<A - Nancy J. Wysenski, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer>: Yes. 
<Q - Ying Wang>: All right. My first question is, when you guys left Vienna in the bus, was there any extra seats left 


for us? 


<A - Peter Mueller, Executive Vice President, Global Research and Development, and Chief Scientific Officer>: 
Good question. Very good question. 
<Q - Ying Wang>: All right. Anyway, guys, my real question is, Bob, you commented that you have seen some data 


from the VX-222 in 10 days of dosing in healthy subjects? 
<A - Robert Kauffman>: Yep. 
<Q - Ying Wang>: Was that a single-dose study? 
<A - Robert Kauffman>: No, it was multiple dosing. 
<Q - Ying Wang>: Okay. If that's the case, did you see any dose-dependent increase in incidence of diarrhea? 
<A - Robert Kauffman>: I'm really reluctant to talk about that too much. We just took a quick look at the data. It's 


really in the process of being compiled at this point. I think we should probably give you more information about that 
particular study at a later time when we have a chance to really fully analyze it. It was reassuring to us; that's all I can 
say. 

<A - Peter Mueller, Executive Vice President, Global Research and Development, and Chief Scientific Officer>: 
It's still blind. 
<Q - Ying Wang>: All right. 


<A - Dr. Robert Kauffman>: And the data – yep. 
<Q - Ying Wang>: And when you unblind the safety data from the VX-222 dose ranging study, would you top-line 
and give us the press release? 


<A - Ian F. Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: So we're not going to put a press release 
out just on the unblinded safety data of a three-day dosing, Ying. But what we would do is we'd probably provide you 
that data and update on, say the Q2 call or some other conference call or press release that we may have between now 



and the Q2 call. 

<Q - Ying Wang>: Okay. 

<A - Peter Mueller, Executive Vice President, Global Research and Development, and Chief Scientific Officer>: 
I think what we should – one sentence for the diarrhea, I think, when you go in telaprevir [inaudible] regimens, you see 
diarrhea, too. And so, it's not an uncommon type of side effect. And one component that is often overlooked is that 
those people have to eat basically fatty meals, which also can basically sort of disturb your gastrointestinal system. And 
that is what you see more often. I think we have not a higher incidence rate in the studies with telaprevir and 222 that 
we have with telaprevir alone. I think that is sort of just a very early set of data, but I think that is what we can say. 

<Q - Ying Wang>: Okay. Great. Thank you. 

<A - Ian F. Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: To your first question, Ying, we're 
happy everybody arrived back safely. 

<Q - Ying Wang>: Well, I'm still in Europe, by the way. 

<A - Peter Mueller, Executive Vice President, Global Research and Development, and Chief Scientific Officer>: 
Where are you? 

<Q - Ying Wang>: I am in Dusseldorf. Tomorrow I'm boarding a flight back to New York. 

<A - Peter Mueller, Executive Vice President, Global Research and Development, and Chief Scientific Officer>: 
Okay. 

<A - Robert Kauffman>: Hopefully, you'll get back okay. 

<A - Nancy J. Wysenski, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer>: Safe travels. 

<A - Matthew W. Emmens, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Have a good trip. 

<Q - Ying Wang>: Thank you. 

<A - Peter Mueller, Executive Vice President, Global Research and Development, and Chief Scientific Officer>: 
Drink at least a good German beer. 

Operator 

And we'll take our next question from Jason Kantor with RBC Capital Markets. 

<Q - Jason Kantor>: Thanks for taking my question. You gave a lot of good market data, and I'm wondering – you 
talk about patients who are coming in on average a couple of times a year. Is there enough capacity in the hepatology 
community to actually bring a good portion of these patients back into therapy rather quickly? Is that something you've 
talked to the thought leaders about? 

<A - Nancy J. Wysenski, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer>: Yes, absolutely. And the good 
news is that the treatment of these patients fortunately extends even beyond the hepatology community. There a good 
number of gastroenterologist and even some ID physicians who treat. And we know from the launch of the pegylated 
interferon within the last decade that during the highest peak treatment rates, physicians were seeing somewhere about 
120 to 130,000 patients a year. So, it looks like we have the capacity to probably more than double if not triple without 
adding additional resources. 

<Q - Jason Kantor>: And how do you hope to reach out to these patients in order to bring some of these 
treatment-failure patients back into the fold or get more – I guess that would be the first mode of action. How do you 
drive that? 


<A - Nancy J. Wysenski, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer>: Yeah. Actually, I think that 
physician who see those patients – these are typically the more sophisticated physicians, those who are trained in 
hepatology, who are treating from tertiary care centers, the thought leaders, and we don't need to do a whole lot because 
they're tracking those patients. They are farther progressed in their disease; they therefore, need to seek more regular 
treatment. And the physicians are already talking to us about which patients they will call immediately upon launch and 
which patients they would simply wait until they came in in the next cycle of their ongoing follow-up. 

<Q - Jason Kantor>: What kind of patients are those? 

<A - Nancy J. Wysenski, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer>: I guess what I'm trying to say, 
Jason, is just that depending upon how ill patients are and/or what the – the higher response rate patients that the 
physicians are identifying may be in their practice, they will call them at a greater level of urgency, or they're simply 
waiting till come in for that next six-month visit. 

<Q - Jason Kantor>: Thank you. 

<A - Nancy J. Wysenski, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer>: You're welcome. 

<A - Michael Partridge, Vice President, Investor Relations>: Operator, I think in the interest of time, we will have 
time for one more question. 

Operator 

All right. We'll go next to Mr. Alan Carr with Needham & Company. 

<Q - Alan Carr>: Hi, good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. A couple of them. One of them, can 
you give us an update on 813 and 985, where they fit on your priority list now? And then also, second component, 
where does the inventory build stand with telaprevir? 

<A - Peter Mueller, Executive Vice President, Global Research and Development, and Chief Scientific Officer>: 
All right. Maybe I take that. So, towards the second generation program for protease inhibitors, we are still evaluating 
those molecules and move along. We plan to get viral kinetic data in the near future. We have to prioritize against 222 
and telaprevir, and so those molecules are still on, and we will come with some data whenever we have it and then 
present it. 

So I think the message here is, we are very interested to continuously build a portfolio of molecules, and that as we 
look into bigger molecules for protease inhibitors, we look into bigger molecules for polymerase inhibitors, it means 

222. And obviously, we also, as you heard at the beginning, are trying to evolve our NS5a portfolio, so that we have 
opportunities to mix and match molecules for different patient populations and figure out what the right regimens might 
be. 
<A - Ian F. Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: I'd just add to Peter's comment, Jason, is 
that the bar is very high for protease inhibitors now. Bringing a protease inhibitor into the clinic at this stage with 
maybe a five-, six-year development path in front of it – we've already established what the potential profile could be 
for telaprevir, and we're essentially weeks away from the ADVANCE data. It's a real challenge bringing a protease 
inhibitor into the clinic at this point. 

<A - Peter Mueller, Executive Vice President, Global Research and Development, and Chief Scientific Officer>: 
Just the one thing I want to add is, it is not just about SVR data that you have to look into or viral kinetic data. I think 
the most important component now that the entire world is moving towards combination therapy is the fact that you 
have to study to what extend those molecules are combinable with other elements in your portfolio. And that's sort of 
what we are currently evaluating, because at this given point in time, it's not clear – to me, at least – that protease and 
polymerase is the only viable option. There might be NS5a molecules and polymerases. There might be protease and 
NS5a. There might be all sorts of combinations. 


And a good development strategy is that you figure out what of your portfolio can be combined with each other and 
then move forward. So, it's not just about comparing protease inhibitors with telaprevir alone, because this train left 
already the station. It is about what is the next-generation offering? The benefit is that you find mechanisms that can be 
combined to basically hit the virus better over the head. That's sort of what it is. 

<A - Ian F. Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: And, Alan, my apologies, I 


<A - Peter Mueller, Executive Vice President, Global Research and Development, and Chief Scientific Officer>: 
The second question – ? 

<A - Ian F. Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Oh, yeah, it was on the supply chain. 

<Q - Alan Carr>: Yes. 

<A - Peter Mueller, Executive Vice President, Global Research and Development, and Chief Scientific Officer>: 
The supply chain. 

<A - Ian F. Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: So we're in great shape with the supply 
chain. And if your question is more towards where are we operationally, Peter can certainly talk to that. But we're in 
great shape. We're making commercial product, we're building it. We're building it based on when – for when we 
expect the potential launch and based on our current estimates for forecasting patient uptake. And the way we're 
planning for this is upon launch, we believe that we'll have 18 months to two years of inventory, and we'll be able to 
turn it quickly from work in progress and raw materials into tablets and ready to bring to patients. So, we're in great 
shape, and we've moved through the process with the FDA as well. 

<Q - Alan Carr>: Have you broken out spend on inventory within the R&D line? 

<A - Ian F. Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: We have not. No. We do disclose it in 
our 10-Q. And the guidance we provided at beginning of the year was that within our R&D investment, there was going 
to be approximately $60 million of inventory investment in 2010. 

<Q - Alan Carr>: Great. Thanks very much. 

<A - Ian F. Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Okay. 

Michael Partridge, Vice President, Investor Relations 

Okay. We appreciate everybody dialing in today. We are in our offices, if you have any additional questions. Thank 
you. 

Operator 

That concludes today's conference. We thank you for your participation. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2010, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


