Q2 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Michael Partridge, Vice President, Investor Relations 
• Matthew W. Emmens, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• Nancy J. Wysenski, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer 
• Peter Mueller, Executive Vice President, Global Research and Development, and Chief Scientific Officer 
• Ian F. Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
• Robert Kauffman 
• Ian Russo 
Other Participants 

• Geoffrey Porges 
• Rachel McMinn 
• Mark Schoenebaum 
• Edward Tenthoff 
• Liisa Bayko 
• Howard Liang 
• Yaron Werber 
• Geoffrey Meacham 
• Phil Nadeau 
• Jason Kantor 
• Thomas Russo 
• Brian Abrahams 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day and welcome to the Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Incorporated Second Quarter 2010 financial Results Conference 
Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Michael 
Partridge. Please go ahead, sir. 

Michael Partridge, Vice President, Investor Relations 

Thank you. Good evening and welcome to Vertex's second quarter conference all. The quarter that just completed 
included the announcement of top line data from our pivotal Phase 3 ADVANCE trial, evaluating telaprevir in 
combination with pegylated-interferon and ribavirin. These data are an important marker of our progress towards a 
potential launch of telaprevir for the treatment of hepatitis C. 

In August and September, we expect to report top line rates of SVR, also termed viral cure, and the safety results from 
our remaining Phase 3 trials of telaprevir; the ILLUMINATE trial, which is in treatment-naïve patients; and the pivotal 
REALIZE realized trial, which is in treatment-failure patients. With all of the Phase 3 data, we plan to complete the 
rolling NDA submission for telaprevir in the second half of the year in preparation for a potential approval and launch 
in 2011. 


Now to the agenda of the call. Today, Matt Emmens will highlight the potential value drivers we see in the months 
ahead in the context of the company's vision of becoming a fully capable biopharmaceutical company. Then Nancy 
Wysenski will discuss the emerging product profile of telaprevir and how we are building our commercial organization 
in order to meet the needs of key patient segments of the hepatitis C market. Next Dr. Peter Mueller, our Executive 
Vice-President of Global Research and Development and our Chief Science Officer will discuss progress with a range 
of research and development programs and provide a perspective on the importance of the upcoming ILLUMINATE 
and REALIZE data. Then Ian Smith will review our second quarter results and our efforts to maintain a strong capital 
structure to realize new product opportunities targeting serious diseases. In addition, Dr. Bob Kauffman is also here 
with us today and will take part in Q&A. 

Please note, that information discussed on this conference call includes forward-looking statements which are subject to 
the risks and uncertainties discussed in detail in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, 
including our 10-K. GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures will be discussed on this call. Information regarding our 
use of non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of those measures to GAAP is available in our second quarter 
2010 financial press release, which is on our website. 

After our prepared remarks, we will try and accommodate as many questions as time permits. And once the call 
concludes, we will be in the office to answer any additional questions that you have. And thank you. I will now turn the 
call over to Matt. 

Matthew W. Emmens, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Michael. What distinguishes Vertex in my view at least is our total focus on innovation on novel product 
candidates targeting serious diseases. Discovering and commercializing new drugs is a high risk business, but we 
believe in our business model and the operating – we believe in our business model and the opportunities that we have 
before us. 

We believe we are in a strong position to emerge as a company that can provide new hope for patients with serious 
diseases and a significant return to our investors through earnings generation, along with reinvestment into R&D in 
new product candidates. The creation of new medicines has never been more important for our industry, the healthcare 
system and society. We are deeply committed to doing our part. 

In May, we achieved a major milestone with the ADVANCE results. These data support our belief that we can leverage 
our business model and translate our own research into potential drugs that are clinically and commercially meaningful. 
I believe that telaprevir is just our first step and will be followed by new breakthrough drugs in other diseases, 
including fibrosis. 

I said in the beginning of the year that 2010 is a defining year for Vertex. We set forth ambitious goals in 2010 for the 
company and we are continuing to make steady progress towards these goals. Looking ahead, our projected pipeline 
milestones for the second half of 2010 include the following. 

In hepatitis C, we need to complete the Phase 3 registration program and rolling NDA submission for telaprevir. We 
need to generate clinical data from the combination trial of telaprevir and VX-222 and initiate a Phase 3b clinical trial 
evaluating the BID dosing of telaprevir. In cystic fibrosis, we need to continue to progress the VX-770 Phase 3 
registration program and initiate a Phase 2 clinical trial of the combination of VX-770 and VX-809 in patients with the 
F508del mutation. And elsewhere in our pipeline we will generate data from the proof-of-concept study for VX-765 in 
epilepsy and continue to move forward enrolling the VX-509 trial in rheumatoid arthritis. 

Our plan is to do all of this while building out our commercial infrastructure for the expected launch of telaprevir, 
while maintaining a strong capital structure. We have consistently invested in our future and will continue to do so. We 
believe this approach will create the greatest value for our shareholders. We are committed not only to telaprevir, but 
also to other pipeline opportunities with the goal of creating sustained commercial leadership in multiple disease areas 
and transforming Vertex into a fully capable biopharmaceutical company. 


I'd like to turn it over now to Nancy. 

Nancy J. Wysenski, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer 

Thanks, Matt. I'd like to start by echoing Matt's sentiments. I'm pleased with our progress this year. With the results we 
achieved in ADVANCE, we are confident in telaprevir's profile and we're aggressively preparing within commercial 
for the goal of being able to offer telaprevir to as many patients as possible. 

We're well into the process of hiring and building Vertex's commercial infrastructure ahead of the planned launch of 
telaprevir. Today, I'd like to highlight some key accomplishments made during the second quarter. Then, I'd like to 
outline objectives for the remainder of the year, provide patient demographic information and talk about how our 
launch strategy fits within this framework. 

First, let me say the necessary build of internal processes and systems is on track and is being put in place for a robust 
launch. We're pleased to announce that our commercial leadership team is nearly complete following the hires of, Paul 
[inaudible] , Vice President of Marketing, Joe Cozzolino, Vice President of Sales and [inaudible], Vice President of 
Commercial Operations. 

Together this team brings to Vertex more than 45 years of commercial healthcare expertise with a focus in infectious 
diseases. We've added approximately 30 individuals throughout our commercial organization since January, and we've 
initiated the hiring of our sales leadership team. Next, we'll be hiring our field sales team. 

These hires highlight our belief in the potential of telaprevir, as well as the full force of effort that we plan to put behind 
the launch. During the second half of the year, in addition to hiring the sales force, we plan to implement training 
systems necessary to support our sales team as well as ramp up our disease awareness programs. 

Next I'd like to make some general comments on the hepatitis C market and provide some detail in terms of how we 
view the key patient segments. First, we believe that the marketplace is quite unsatisfied and very likely to respond to 
innovation. There are historical data to support this view. One example is the launch of pegylated-interferons in 2002 
and 2003. These agents at least doubled the annual number of hepatitis C patients being treated in the U.S. 

As you know, we segment the genotype 1 market opportunity into two primary patient pools, treatment-naïve patients 
and treatment-failure patients. The treatment-failure pool has grown into a significant population. And these patients 
typically have the greatest unmet medical needs. We believe the treatment-failure group will be very important during 
the first stage of launch, as many of these patients may be prioritized for early treatment by their physicians. 

For these patients, disease is often at an advanced stage and they're being closely monitored within the healthcare 
system. Providing a new treatment option to this group of approximately 300,000 patients in the U.S., we're more likely 
to be highly motivated for treatment, could support the rapid uptake of telaprevir, a successful launch and a greater 
awareness of telaprevir among treating physicians and patients. 

We hope to address the treatment-failure group with the data from REALIZE, our Phase 3 registration study with 
telaprevir. This is our second pivotal study and we expect to release top line data in September. 

As a reminder, in PROVE 3 and Study 107, our earlier studies in genotype 1 treatment-failure patients, we showed high 
rates of viral cures in child population that included all treatment-failure subtypes; no-responders, partial responders 
and relapsers, and a safety profile that was consistent with previous studies. If REALIZE confirms the potential we saw 
in Phase 2, telaprevir could increase the number of treatment-failure patients who choose re-treatment beyond the 5 to 
10% rate noted today. The REALIZE trial is the only Phase 3 trial of its kind and we believe the results based on its 
potential application in a broad set of treatment-failure patients could differentiate telaprevir from other compounds in 
development. 

Now, let's turn to the treatment-naïve patients. The ADVANCE data have already characterized the potential of 
telaprevir to address the needs of this patient segment. The diagnosed treatment-naïve genotype 1 segment represents a 


significant opportunity in the initial launch years with somewhere between 300,000 to 350,000 patients in total. Our 
market research reveals that more than half of the currently diagnosed treatment-naïve patients have stage 2 or higher 
fibrosis, a point in their disease progression where treatment might typically be recommended. But today, less than 
10% of these treatment-naïve patients are choosing to start therapy in any given year with the current standard of care. 
We believe that the availability of more effective therapies is likely to increase treatment rates for these patients. 

Based on our market research, we believe improvements in outcome, such as those seen in ADVANCE data could 
impact physicians' decision to recommend treatment and also motivate patients to be treated. We think the strong 
potential product profile of telaprevir combined with a well-designed market facing organization can position us for a 
successful launch and sustained leadership in hepatitis C. In 2010 and 2011, our commercial team's highest priority is 
to execute a highly successful launch. 

As I just highlighted, we believe that the first stage of success in this market will be the opportunity to potentially 
increase treatment rates, both for those patients who are already diagnosed with hepatitis C and not yet treated, and for 
the treatment-failure patient group. But we're also thinking beyond, to the needs represented by the undiagnosed 
population, which, as you know, is in excess of 2 million patients in the U.S. 

The CDC has stated they will be considering a potential update to recommendations on screening for hepatitis C. The 
CDC is getting a study underway called the Birth-cohort Evaluation to advance screening testing for hepatitis C or the 
acronym BETHC. This two-part study will evaluate routine one-time screenings for hepatitis C, focusing on people 
born between 1945 and 1964. Results from the BETHC trial could provide further evidence for the CDC to consider 
updating their screening guidelines based upon age, also known as birth-cohort based screening. 

Although these efforts are still early, we look forward to continuing to participate in discussions with public health 
authorities towards the goal of further increasing awareness of hepatitis C within the general population. The potential 
benefit of age-based screening on a large scale would be to enable more patients to become aware of their disease and 
to receive treatment before they face the consequences of advanced liver disease. 

Now I'll turn the call over to Peter. 

Peter Mueller, Executive Vice President, Global Research and Development, 
and Chief Scientific Officer 

Thank you, Nancy, and good evening, everyone. 2010 is a very important time and year for Vertex. We initiated the 
rolling NDA submission for telaprevir and, as planned, we have submitted the CMC and the non-clinical documents to 
the agency. My and my team's top priority is the completion of this NDA with the clinical documents later this year. 

To begin, I would like to review certain characteristics of the pivotal Phase 3 ADVANCE trial data, which evaluated 12 
and 8-week telaprevir based combination regimens. ADVANCE, as you heard, produced the first Phase 3 data recorded 
for a direct acting antiviral agent for treatment of hepatitis C genotype 1 patients. High viral cure rates of up to 75% in 
the 12-week telaprevir based combination arm with response-guided therapy, including viral cures in a majority of 
these patients with only 24 weeks of therapy. This compares to a 44% viral cure rate in the control arm. A low rate of 
discontinuations of the treatment regimen due to adverse events, respectively 6.9 to 7.6% in the telaprevir based 
treatment arms and 3.6% in the control arm. 

Now to the ILLUMINATE trial, which we expect to produce the next set of clinical data for telaprevir in August. 
ILLUMINATE is part of the Phase 3 program and is designed to support the pivotal ADVANCE trial in 
treatment-naïve patients and the pivotal REALIZE trial in treatment-failure patients. ILLUMINATE is a supplemental 
non-pivotal open label study that is evaluating the efficacy and safety of 24 and 48-week telaprevir based treatment 
regimens in treatment-naïve patients. The purpose of ILLUMINATE is to evaluate the comparability of the SVR rates 
between the 24 and 48-week arms for those patients who were undetectable at week 4 and 12, that is, they have 
achieved an eRVR, and who remained in the study through week 20. 


With information we have learned from ADVANCE, including relapse rates, and studied these continuation rates, and 
considering as well the design of ILLUMINATE, we expect to see high SVR rates in the primary analysis potentially at 
or above 85% in the two eRVR treatment arms that were randomized at week 20. We also expect to confirm the safety 
profile of telaprevir that we have seen so far in Phase 3. 

Now turning to the upcoming REALIZE trial. This trial is evaluating telaprevir in patients who did not achieve SVR in 
a prior pegylated-interferon based treatment. A key defining feature of this trial is that we believe based on the PROVE 
3 study that we are evaluating the optimal duration of therapy for treatment-failure patients, which is 12 weeks of 
telaprevir on top of 48-weeks of pegylated-interferon ribavirin for a total of 48-weeks therapy. As Nancy noted, since 
this trial is evaluating all major patient sub-types including ours, it could provide a basis for differentiating telaprevir 
from other compounds in development and we very much look forward to discussing REALIZE with you in 
September. 

I'd also like to mention that we have completed discussions with the regulatory authorities regarding a Phase 3b study 
to evaluate BID dosing for telaprevir. We expect to begin the twice-daily study in the fourth quarter this year. 
Following the announcement of data from the ADVANCE trial, regulatory authorities in the U.S. and Europe advised 
that the trial did not need a control arm of pegylated-interferon and ribavirin. All patients in this trial will be able to 
receive telaprevir and we believe this is a very positive outcome. 

We are looking forward to conducting this in approximately 700 genotype 1 treatment-naïve patients in the U.S., EU 
and certain other countries. We will provide more about the design of this trial at the time it is initiated. 

As we seek to sustain our leadership in hepatitis C, we are also looking ahead to future potential product opportunities 
that are complementary with telaprevir. We are currently conducting a combination trial with telaprevir and VX-222. 
This trial has not progressed as quickly in the startup phase as we had originally projected. 

Because this is a novel approach, we wanted to make sure that we conducted sufficient patient monitoring during the 
study before we started enrolling patients. However, we are making good progress now and plan to dose the first 
patient in August, and we look forward to receiving the initial set of data from this trial, which we expect will be on 
treatment data in a proportion of patients in the second half of this year. We expect the data from this trial will help us 
identify treatment regimens for broader patient segments. 

Now let's turn over to cystic fibrosis. Our Phase 3 registration program for VX-770 is on track. Enrollment is complete 
in all three registration studies, and we expect to receive data from the Phase 3 program, STRIVE, in the first half of 
2011. 

STRIVE completed enrollment of approximately 170 G551D patients earlier this year and in a few weeks all patients 
will have crossed the 24-week primary endpoint. We will continue the trial as planned and expect to announce data at 
the end of 48 weeks. 

ENVISION is another trial that will support our planned NDA submission in the second half of 2011. ENVISION is a 
Phase 3 trial evaluating patients aged 6 to 11 with the G551D mutation. The study reached full enrollment with 
approximately 50 patients in June this year. Similarly to STRIVE, patients will be dosed for 48 weeks. 

The DISCOVER trial is a 16-week Phase 2 trial, primarily a safety study in patients with the delta 508 mutation. This 
trial completed enrollment of approximately 140 patients in January, and all patients have now completed 16 weeks of 
dosing. 

We have stated previously that we expect to disclose data from DISCOVER in the first half of 2011 when we have data 
from all the other studies. That continues to be our expectation. However, if once we have received the DISCOVER 
data we conclude that it could change the future direction and design of the program, a disclosure time line could be 
accelerated. As we advance in our Phase 3 program for VX-770, we are looking at two other trials of exploratory 
biomarkers that may be more sensitive than FEV1 in evaluating a change in lung disease. 

One involves the use of Hyperpolarized Helium-3 Magnetic Resonance Imaging. We are initiating a Phase 2a study 
using this technique to evaluate the effect of VX-770 on ventilation in patients with the G551D mutation. This is a 


novel technique using an MRI after a patient inhales hyperpolarized helium to image the lung. It could allow physicians 
to create a 3D image of the ventilated areas of the lungs which will obtained before and after treatment with VX-770 or 
placebo. To use an actual image of the patient's lung could show the potential effect of treatment with VX-770. 

Another biomarker of pulmonary function that we are exploring is LCI or Lung Clearance Index. This is a method 
using a multiple-breath washout test. These biomarkers could assess the response to VX-770 and are potentially more 
sensitive than FEV1 in patients with mild lung disease. We're looking forward to exploring the use of these techniques 
as potential endpoints for future clinical trials in cystic fibrosis and to be part of leading edge advancements for treating 
this disease. 

We also expect to initiate a Phase 2 clinical trial evaluating combination regimens of VX-809 and VX-770 later this 
year. This is an important trial that targets patients with the delta 508 mutation, that most prevalent mutation affecting 
more than 85% of the CF population. 

Although I do not have time today to review all of our development programs in detail, we are also aggressively 
advancing our pipeline and our research program continues to yield other promising compounds. We are generating a 
significant amount of information to guide decision-making for clinical development in 2011. 

So in summary, first our Phase 2 proof-of-concept study of VX-765 in epilepsy has completed enrollment ahead of 
schedule and we are on track to obtain data from this study in the second half of this year. 

Secondly, we believe VX-509 could potentially represent a novel approach for treating rheumatoid arthritis. We are 
conducting a Phase 2 proof-of-concept study to initially evaluate the efficacy as measured by ICR 20, 50 and 70 
responses, and also safety and tolerability of this compound. We are updating the timeline now and expect to generate 
data from this study in 2011. 

We continue to make great progress across all areas of Vertex and we are preparing for a promising future. We believe 
that telaprevir has the potential to redefine the treatment of hepatitis C. I very much appreciate the continued 
outstanding effort and commitment of everyone who works for and with Vertex that has led to the ADVANCE results, 
and I am really looking forward to the ILLUMINATE and REALIZE results in hepatitis C in the next two months and 
the first results from our cystic fibrosis Phase 3 program in the first half of next year. 

So now let me turn the call over to Ian. 

Ian F. Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you, Peter. Maintaining our financial position for the investment in the opportunities within Vertex is a key 
component to our business strategy. At the beginning of the year we established 2010 financial guidance based on an 
evaluation of our core business objectives, our strategies for achieving those objectives and our financial profile for the 
year. I'm pleased to say that we're on track with our business objectives and therefore we are well-positioned as we look 
to the potential launch of telaprevir. 

We began the year with approximately $1.3 billion in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities and provided a 
non-GAAP guidance of approximately $600 million loss, which is a proxy for our cash burn for the year. 

We completed the second quarter of 2010 with a strong and healthy balance sheet with approximately $980 million in 
cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities and no convertible debt outstanding. This positions us for continued 
investment in key activities to support the successful potential launch of telaprevir. 

Now to the second quarter financial results. I'm just going to cover the bottom line components of our financials on the 
call today. Specifically, our GAAP net loss in the second quarter of 2010 was approximately 200 million. This 
compares to the second quarter of 2009 of approximately $171 million. The main line items within our income 
statement can be found in our second quarter press release. When comparing the loss on a non-GAAP basis to the 
second quarter of 2009, our loss increased to approximately $143 million from approximately $129 million in the same 
quarter last year. 


The increase was principally attributable to an increase in the total operating expenses to support the potential launch of 
telaprevir as well as the Phase 3 registration program for VX-770. We remain committed to investing in our future by 
advancing our portfolio assets and will continue to make strategic investments in our R&D pipeline while focusing on 
the launch of telaprevir. We are well-positioned financially and we are looking forward to generating positive cash 
flows while reinvesting in product opportunities that may treat other serious diseases. The expected scale of the 
telaprevir opportunity allows us for this vision. 

Michael, back to you. 

Michael Partridge, Vice President, Investor Relations 

Thank you. Elizabeth, we would now like to open the call to questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instruction] Our first question today comes from Geoff Porges with Sanford Bernstein. 

<Q - Geoffrey Porges>: Thanks very much for taking the question. Peter, just a couple of questions for you. First, 
could you talk a little bit about the Phase 3b study that you've announced today on BID? First, does that – should we 
assume that that means the BID data from the earlier study will not be in the label? And then secondly, could you 
comment about the precedent of not having a control arm? Is this something that you've seen before and do you 
anticipate that the FDA will be imposing that standard on subsequent Phase 3 studies or is there something unique 
about this? And then I just wanted to ask you a little bit more about, could you give us some more color on the 
ADVANCE data? As you've looked at it, do you have an explanation for the relatively low RVR rate in ADVANCE? 
Thanks. 

<A - Peter Mueller, Executive Vice President, Global Research and Development, and Chief Scientific Officer>: 
Okay. So I hand it first over to Bob and then I help to answer all your questions, Geoff. I think it's good questions. 

<Q - Geoffrey Porges>: Okay. 

<A - Robert Kauffman>: Thanks, Geoff. So in terms of the BID study, obviously we're very happy to have gotten 
agreement with the regulatory agencies on the design of that study. In terms of the C208 data, I think the general 
impression was although the data were strong, the study was a little bit too small to really get us a label claim for that 
indication. My guess is, and I don't have any real knowledge of this, is when we get to negotiating the label language 
ultimately, it will primarily be this Phase 3b study data that becomes the label because it's the largest and most robust 
study. So the C208 data are very valuable to us, obviously, they got us to where we are. Probably by themselves – for 
sure by themselves, they're not enough to really get us to a label. 

In terms of the design of the study, I'll just stay that there's been a tendency over the past few years in situations where 
you're comparing, for example, two formulations or two dosing regimens to include a standard of care control arm 
when that's being done with a new therapy. And the reason for that is the FDA and other agencies have wanted to be 
certain that the new therapy is actually superior to the old therapy in addition to the two regimens that you're testing 
being equivalent to each other. 

<A - Peter Mueller, Executive Vice President, Global Research and Development, and Chief Scientific Officer>: 
I think that's standard in general. 

<A - Robert Kauffman>: Yeah. And that has become much more standard. And I think the reason why, in this case, 
that that requirement was waived was the explicitly said that the data from the ADVANCE study really make that need 
for a control arm but just not there. And so in this case, the data from ADVANCE were the reason why the agencies 


felt that we did not have to have the control arm within this trial. So it's a two-arm study and we're proceeding on. 

<Q - Geoffrey Porges>: Okay. 

<A - Robert Kauffman>: I don't know, maybe I should maybe deal with the last question and then we can go forward. 
In terms of RVR, I would only say that we are continuing to look at that very carefully. Honestly, I really don't have 
any additional insights beyond what we've presented to you and discussed at the last call. Our general sense is it's more 
difficult to treat population, more geographically diverse and more diverse in terms of the baseline characteristics. 

But in fact – and maybe that's borne out by the fact that the RVR rates in the control arm are also lower than what we 
had seen in some of our other studies. I think that's the best we can come out with now. We are absolutely continuing to 
evaluate that. There may be other explanations as well, and obviously when we present this at a medical meeting, if 
there's any other findings, we'll certainly present those. 

<A - Peter Mueller, Executive Vice President, Global Research and Development, and Chief Scientific Officer>: 
The last question, Geoff, you had was whether the agencies in the future will impose on others the use of a telaprevir 
regimen as standard of care. 

<Q - Geoffrey Porges>: That's right. 

<A - Peter Mueller, Executive Vice President, Global Research and Development, and Chief Scientific Officer>: 
I must say that is most likely true after approval, because they cannot force anybody to do something if the drug is not 
approved. So I think we have to wait until then but then there is a high likelihood, if we are out there, that this is the 
new standard. 

<Q - Geoffrey Porges>: That's very helpful. Thanks, Peter. Thanks, Bob. 

<A - Robert Kauffman>: Yeah, you're welcome. 

Operator 

Our next question will come from Rachel McMinn with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 

<Q - Rachel McMinn>: Thanks. Just one question following up on Geoff's line of questioning here. Can you talk at all 
about the powering of this study, what kind of non-inferiority margin would be acceptable? And then can you also 
clarify, you say in the press release twice-daily, I just wanted – I guess get a sense is this twice-a-day or really Q12 
hours and but you specifically say Q8 for the BID arm? And then my last question has to do with 222. 

<A - Robert Kauffman>: Okay. So maybe I'll take the BID study ones. First of all, for the second question, yes, it is 
BID and not Q12 as opposed to the Q8 regimen that we used up until now on the programs. So, yes, that was a very 
good pick up, as I would suspect. And so that's what we're going forward with. In terms of the study design and 
powering, that's not something we normally really disclose. Certainly, the design was met with approval by the 
regulatory agencies and that's – and we're going forward. 

<Q - Rachel McMinn>: And then I guess on 222, I guess because of the slight delay, it looks like a couple months 
delay here, what kind of data will we actually see in the back half of the year? You kind of alluded, Peter, you said 
something like partial data, but I guess that was – on some subset of patients. Could you help clarify? 

<A - Peter Mueller, Executive Vice President, Global Research and Development, and Chief Scientific Officer>: 
I think we will see in a partial portion of the patients that are in the regimen, some on-treatment data. We have not yet 
defined exactly what that is, but it is actually a couple of weeks in and then we will see how we go. 

<A - Ian F. Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Rachel, maybe I'll clarify on that, which 
is open-label. So it's not an interim analysis. We have the ability to look and understand how patients are doing while 
on treatment. So we know that the early viral kinetic data is important, both how quickly the virus goes down. But then 
also some form of measure of where there is viral rebound, and that's what we're talking about. It's an early on 


treatment viral kinetic data as well initial safety data. 

<Q - Rachel McMinn>: Okay. Thanks. 

Operator 

We'll take our next question today from Mark Schoenebaum with ISI. 

<Q - Mark Schoenebaum>: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the question. I joined three or four minutes late, so you 
might have already answered this. But any update that you're willing to give on the size of the patient warehouse? 

<A - Nancy J. Wysenski, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer>: Sure. We can talk a little bit 
about that, Mark. This is Nancy. 

<Q - Mark Schoenebaum>: Thanks. 

<A - Nancy J. Wysenski, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer>: As you know, we've been 
doing a primary market research and talking as we go out to conferences, and so we hear through those sources that 
patients are being collected, if you will, to be able to take advantage of telaprevir. In addition to that, we've got primary 
data that, if you look at the current sales for standard of care, it peaked several years after launch, and then the total 
TRXs began to decline since then. If you look more specifically at late last fall and the first five months of 2010, that 
trend picks up at an even greater rate. So there are fewer and fewer total prescriptions being written now and that sort 
of hit an all-time low in May. That suggests to us, since the rate of diagnosis to our knowledge has not changed, that 
patients are being held back. 

<Q - Mark Schoenebaum>: And any help quantifying the size of that warehouse? 

<A - Nancy J. Wysenski, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer>: Well, I guess the best 
statement I can make the total RXs have declined in the course of the year by about 5,000 of the 25,000 in total. 

<Q - Mark Schoenebaum>: Okay. 

<A - Nancy J. Wysenski, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer>: So you can use that. 

<Q - Mark Schoenebaum>: Okay. That's fair. And then, maybe for – I'm not sure who to direct this to, maybe Ian, but 
you have a lot of cash, obviously you need it for internal stuff but what's your current pick on external business 
development? A lot of interesting assets out there, what – as analysts and investors, what should we be expecting? 
Thank you. 

<A - Ian F. Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: I'm a little confused with your question, 
to be honest, Mark. 

<Q - Mark Schoenebaum>: Your tolerance for – your business development strategy, sorry, Ian. 

<A - Ian F. Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Okay. Yeah, I thought you were asking 
a cash question. I'm sorry. In terms of, well, let's have Peter comment on how we're thinking about the ACV landscape, 
but certainly we're here with what I've often said is one of the real direct antiviral compounds, which is telaprevir, 
given the stage at, there's great confidence that this drug should be coming to the market. For us now, it's how we 
extend presence of telaprevir in the market, both with a compound with 222, and we're already in a study there. But it's 
not just to focus on 222, we need to look at other mechanisms. Peter can talk about those. But how do we secure this 
position? How do we build behind the position we've already created? And the tolerance for doing that is very high. 
We're very – we're committed to hepatitis C for the long-term. I think we have great capability of actually executing on 
bringing in more assets, not just from a cash perspective, but when you've got the lead asset, telaprevir, it tends to draw 
others to want to do studies with telaprevir. But Peter can talk about how we're thinking about the other mechanisms. 


<A - Peter Mueller, Executive Vice President, Global Research and Development, and Chief Scientific Officer>: 
So, Mark, as you know, telaprevir is sort of the first and a really great regimen in combination with peg interferon and 
ribavirin and it obviously is also posed to basically be part of first, let's say, dual combo regimens or other combo 
regimens as we go forward. However, when you really look at the entire thing, I think there are as many mechanisms 
that could play a role in – by looking more in segmented patient populations and the need of a higher, let's say, 
diversity. If you want to go for more different genotypes, if you want to go more in, let's say, sub-populations, ethnical 
groups and all that that, not all of those mechanisms will basically be the same and the response of the patient is not the 
same. So therefore, I think, there is currently a set of molecules out there that basically cover protease inhibitors, nucs, 
non-nucs, 5A molecules and maybe novel also lately NS4B molecules and all those type of things and some interferons 
and even some maybe potentially oral interferons. 

And I think what we are trying to do is to mix and match our portfolio with the right molecules that are combinable 
with our assets, because it's not just that you have the mechanisms sort of complete, you have also to have the 
molecules that can be combined and don't add, let's say, safety issues to the regimen. And I think we are looking on a 
constant basis in all mechanisms that are out there for potential, let's say, additions to our portfolio based on those 
criteria. It has to be relatively safe, it has to be combinable, it has to have a metabolism, PK profile that is 
commensurate with the regimen that you want to do, and it has to cover a broader area of genotypes so that we can 
really have the flexibility to mix and match what we are doing. So we are open for everything and we are looking and 
that's it. 

<A - Matthew W. Emmens, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Mark, I'll make a comment on that 
also, just in a general strategic viewpoint. We plan to lead this market in the near and the long-term, and by that, you 
look the market in phases obviously and I think a lot of you do that. We are looking – we think we've got a perfect 
backbone in the market, but we're also looking down the road for all oral and we're looking to the most effective even 
five or six years from now. So we're not letting anything by us without looking into it. So our goal is to lead it. 

<Q - Mark Schoenebaum>: Thanks a lot. I appreciate it. 

Operator 

We'll now hear from Ted Tenthoff with Piper Jaffray. 

<Q - Edward Tenthoff>: Great. Thank you very much. Thanks for the update. Can you just verify, you are evaluating 
telaprevir BID in the 222 combo study, is that correct? 

<A - Peter Mueller, Executive Vice President, Global Research and Development, and Chief Scientific Officer>: 
Yeah, that's correct. 

<Q - Edward Tenthoff>: Okay, good. And then beyond safety, how – put in perspective what you'll learn from the 
ILLUMINATE study and how this will really support and impact the NDA if you would? 

<A - Robert Kauffman>: So, this is Bob. I'll answer that. I think that, as we said before, it is a supplementary study. It 
really is designed to answer a question that if you remember was posed two and a half years ago when the program was 
designed, just about the specifics of the 24 versus 48-week regimen in those patients who have an early response. And 
though there was some wish to really provide confirmatory information, but there was no additional benefit in going 
beyond 24 weeks in that population, and that was the design of the study. That is really what our – what we're 
expecting for the outcome and our expectations are that the SVR rates with those two regimens are going to be very 
similar to each other and therefore illustrate that no further treatment is necessary beyond the 24 weeks. So I think it 
adds that it's a really critical confirmation, it's not really quite so useful from a regulatory point of view in terms of the 
primary approval of the drug, but it is – it will be I think valuable information for practitioners in making the choice of 
how long to treat their patients. 

<A - Nancy J. Wysenski, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer>: Ted, this is Nancy. 


<Q - Edward Tenthoff>: Yeah. 

<A - Nancy J. Wysenski, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer>: Just to jump in from a 
commercial point of view. I think in addition to the ADVANCE data that we've already discussed at length, we have 
the potential based upon what we see in ILLUMINATE to also reassure physicians and patients that the response rates 
are significant enough that based upon the primary research that we shared following the ADVANCE data, that patients 
are far more likely to want to seek treatment. So we're hopeful that that may be a secondary benefit. 

<A - Peter Mueller, Executive Vice President, Global Research and Development, and Chief Scientific Officer>: 
And the other thing is, at the end of the day, it is as we said a supplemental trial. 

<Q - Edward Tenthoff>: Yeah. 

<A - Peter Mueller, Executive Vice President, Global Research and Development, and Chief Scientific Officer>: 
So it's not pivotal. And therefore not necessarily needed for basically get approval or anything. So it's just a support 
structure system that we have here. 

<Q - Edward Tenthoff>: That's actually very helpful. I appreciate the time. 

Operator 

Our next question will come from Liisa Bayko with JMP Securities. 

<Q - Liisa Bayko>: Hi, everyone. Just wanted to ask, it seems to me on the Phase 3b with no control arm that that 
might be a pretty quick [inaudible] trial given the anticipation of telaprevir in the market. Can you give us a sense of 
how long you think or you expect the trial to take to enroll? 

<A - Peter Mueller, Executive Vice President, Global Research and Development, and Chief Scientific Officer>: 
I think at this given point in time, it's too early to say, as we still are in process of stepping up the logistics. 

<Q - Liisa Bayko>: Okay. 

<A - Robert Kauffman>: I mean, I think it will enroll quickly. I – we agree with you, it's a very desirable study from 
the patients' point of view. 

<A - Peter Mueller, Executive Vice President, Global Research and Development, and Chief Scientific Officer>: 
I will be passed, but still at 700 patients and that's a number, okay, you will not enroll overnight, and so I think you can 
anticipate probably treatment data outcome in 2012. That's what I would say is sort of reasonable. And if you are lucky, 
it is the end of 2011, then you are sort of super lucky, okay? That's not basically what I think. I think 2012 is probably 
what you can look for. 

<Q - Liisa Bayko>: Okay. Good. That's helpful. And then moving on to the cystic fibrosis program, I'm sort of 
intrigued by the combination study that you're planning. Can you maybe give us some details on, is it sort of you start 
with one drug and then sort of add the other drug? Or what kind of design are you thinking in how long might patients 
be on therapy, will it be long enough to really get a sense of efficacy? 

<A - Robert Kauffman>: So, this is Bob. Obviously we'll announce the design when we get to the point that we're 
really ready to initiate the trial. We're kind of working through the design elements now. I'd say that, our – remember 
our focus in here is a proof of mechanism. I would actually say that clinical efficacy, for example, FEV1's efficacy may 
not be seen in this trial. We're really looking for the fact that whether, in fact, 770 can enhance the activity in delta 508 
that we've seen with 809 at this point. And the design is really, yes, studies of the individual drugs and then the 
combination. How exactly we do that in terms of study design is still being done, but that's what we expect. 

<A - Peter Mueller, Executive Vice President, Global Research and Development, and Chief Scientific Officer>: 
I think so this is the first step. We really want to get clarity whether the combination of those two mechanisms is really 
a therapeutic valuable concept, and when we know this then we will optimize the dose regimen with respect to the 


patient population and also we learn from the PRM how translatable our invitro data are that we have that are very 
translatable on the single agent base, but we don't know whether that's holding true for the combination. And that 
informs us how we can conduct future clinical trials and further optimize maybe other treatment regimens that we have 
in mind. 

<Q - Liisa Bayko>: Okay. Thanks. And then one final question. For VX-509 in RA, I thought that we were to get 
some interim data a little sooner than 2011. Can you maybe comment on how progress is going on that study? Thanks. 

<A - Robert Kauffman>: I mean, the study, these kinds of studies, these early-phase studies in RA are among the 
most difficult studies to do because the number of patients, particularly with the enrollment criteria we have for that 
trial, the numbers of patients out there are just not that great, so you really have to search for them. It's not atypical for 
these early-phase RA studies to take awhile to enroll. And that really is what's going on. You're right, it is going to be 
somewhat delayed beyond our initial projections. It has mainly to do with just a little bit slower enrollment than we 
expected. We have a mitigation strategy in place and we're expecting that to really pick up, but that's where we stand 
right now. 

<Q - Liisa Bayko>: Okay. Thanks a lot for answering my questions. 

Operator 

We'll now hear from Howard Liang with Leerink Swann. 

<Q - Howard Liang>: Thanks very much. I have two questions if I could. First, if I heard correctly, I think Peter said 
that if DISCOVER for the CF program, if DISCOVER results change the direction of the program, the disclosure plan 
might be different. Can you elaborate on that? And then second, I was wondering if you can comment on the stopping 
rules in the telaprevir 222 combination trial associated with terminating a particular arm. 

<A - Ian F. Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Why don't we have Bob Kauffman 
comment on the stopping rules in the combination study and then I'll take the disclosure question. 

<A - Robert Kauffman>: Yeah, so in the 222 telaprevir combo study, there are rules in place for discontinuing 
treatment in the face of a break-through, for example. We often have different stopping rules for different arms of the 
trials. I can't really go into the details of those, but they're designed to really protect the patients and prevent exposure 
to antiviral drugs in the face of a failing regimen, which I think is pretty standard. 

In addition, of course, we're applying the usual stopping rules for the 12-week and 24-week rules that are applied in 
pretty much all ECV studies with at least a two log drop at week 12 and undetectable at week 24. Obviously, we don't 
expect those rules to pick up very many people in the various arms because we expect everyone to be undetectable long 
before that, but they're in place in the trial in any case. 

<A - Ian F. Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: And, Howard, thanks for the question 
on the disclosure of the 16-week study. We get this question a lot, because clearly it is a study that is concluding way 
ahead of the other registration studies for 770. And we just wanted to be clear on this call that it has concluded. Our 
plan as we've guided in the past is that we will disclose it consistent with the other registration studies in early 2011. 
However, we do also want to state that if there is data that we get from this study that causes us to conclude to take a 
different action regarding this patient population, the 508 population regarding 770, we feel that there will be a need to 
disclose that at this time. So we just wanted to be clear on disclosure guidelines regarding that 16-week study. 

<Q - Howard Liang>: Disclosure of DISCOVER data only? 

<A - Ian F. Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yes. 

<A - Robert Kauffman>: That is correct. 

<A - Ian F. Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Okay. Thanks very much. 


Operator 

Our next question will come from Yaron Werber with Citi. 

<Q - Yaron Werber>: Yeah, hi. Thanks for taking my questions. I had two questions. One, can you just give us a little 
bit of a sense, in the 222 study – what kind of – you mentioned that you were looking to do some monitoring ahead of 
enrollment and that's why it pushed back the first patient getting dosed. Can you give us a sense as to what kind of 
monitoring are you doing and whether that's different than what's been done in the past? And then I had a follow up as 
well. 

<A - Robert Kauffman>: Yeah. So it's not monitoring before enrollment, it's really on-study monitoring, and this was 
really done – remember, this is a really quite complicated novel study, and that we really wanted to make sure that we 
had all the parameters that we were collecting correct when we started. We actually decided because of where we were 
at the time that we decided to do this that it would be best to actually put these into place before we enrolled the first 
patient. We had screened patients, but we hadn't actually enrolled anyone, and that's where we'll pick up at this point. 
But it's not pre-study, pre-enrollment monitoring, it's really just the typical kinds of monitoring that we do during the 
course of the trial. 

<Q - Yaron Werber>: Is there anything different? I'm trying to get a sense as to why you sound like this was a 
unexpected – or what's different about this monitoring or why wasn't it – why didn't you decide to do it previously? 

<A - Robert Kauffman>: We just really wanted to get it right. There was some suggestion by the investigators at the 
Investigators Meeting that occurred kind of in the immediate phase just as we were beginning screening. And it just 
made a lot of sense, as it always does, to have uniform collection for all patients in the trial, which is why we decided 
to do it at that time and not later. 

<Q - Yaron Werber>: Great. And then let me – I just have a question. We're seeing in the HIV market a lot of payer 
sensitivity these days and a lot of pressure among the public payers, for example, ADAP et cetera. I'm just trying to get 
a sense, I mean, this is going to be – obviously there's going to be a tremendous amount of interest and warehousing 
ahead of telaprevir's approval. Have you had a chance to talk to a lot of the state Medicaid payers to see whether they're 
going to be ready to handle this volume? Because inevitably, about 20, right, 25% of patients are going to be Medicaid. 
So this is going to be a huge market that's going to be a substantial sum for them. I'm just trying to get a sense, are they 
equipped to handle that? 

<A - Nancy J. Wysenski, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer>: Yeah. That's a great question, 
and we are beginning our interactions with managed care agencies across the country. I don't think it would be 
appropriate for us to comment more specifically on who we're meeting with where, but it's in the early stages. We're 
not launching for a year. Where I think there may be some concern that have been created within the HIV market where 
Medicaid and other strictly managed government payer sources have really hurt some companies. And I guess what I'd 
like to point out there is that when you compare the HIV market with the HCV market, we will have a lower incidence 
of payers, we expect, through those sources. In fact, for HCV, the majority of the patients, approximating 60%, will be 
covered by commercial plans, and we also have the advantage of understanding the full impact of healthcare reform 
legislation before we go to market and as we consider all of our payer pricing strategies. 

<Q - Yaron Werber>: Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

We'll now take a question from Geoffrey Meacham with J.P. Morgan. 

<Q - Geoffrey Meacham>: Hey, guys. Thanks for talking the question. Couple questions here on the CF program. I 
don't think this was touched upon earlier, but curious if you guys feel like for the 770, 809 studies, just 200 mg dose for 
809 is in fact a maximum dose or do you feel like you can go higher based on the Phase 2 data? 


<A - Peter Mueller, Executive Vice President, Global Research and Development, and Chief Scientific Officer>: 
Well, I think the dose range finding is not yet finalized in this one. I think there's a potential to basically move up. 
When you look at the data that we have presented, there seems to be a possibility to still move up. But the thing in the 
combination is you have to look at both components, and I think it has to be sort of a dual approach where you're 
basically looking up and down on both regimens, 770 and 809, and figure out what the right dose setup is for the 
patient. 

<Q - Geoffrey Meacham>: And when you look at the... 

<A - Peter Mueller, Executive Vice President, Global Research and Development, and Chief Scientific Officer>: 
Yeah. For [inaudible] we are not maxed out yet, if you asked it, okay? 

<Q - Geoffrey Meacham>: Okay. And when you look at the 809 studies, you mentioned, Peter, new endpoints such as 
change in lung disease. Have you – what have you guys learned from other studies for 770 or 809 for this endpoint and 
will you be looking at this in the combo study? 

<A - Peter Mueller, Executive Vice President, Global Research and Development, and Chief Scientific Officer>: 
We will not look at this at this given point in the combo study. This is sort of a very beginning of the evaluation of the 
use of new markers. I think they have to first – we have to first do some studies to see how it can be validated and 
standardized and those are the first things we have to do before we even consider put into standard clinical trials. It's an 
exploratory approach that gives us a new inroad for future trials to come, but not at this given point in time applicable 
to combo trials that we do. 

<Q - Geoffrey Meacham>: Got you. And then last question, again, on CF. Let's assume that you're in Phase 2b with 
this combination study, what can you tell us, maybe, potentially about the size and the scope of that study in terms of 
would you, in fact, have a one-year endpoint? And can you talk a little bit about registration strategy with potentially a 
combo therapy? 

<A - Robert Kauffman>: So just in terms of the duration, the FDA has used a six-month endpoint, but has also asked 
for a one-year safety data. So my expectation is for the combo we would be in the same situation there. And I would 
think that the design would be fairly similar to the designs that we've used in the 770 program. In terms of the size, I 
can't really speculate on that at this point because we don't know the extent of the treatment effect that we are going to 
see with the combination. So until we have that information we can't do the calculations that would give us the sample 
size. So that will have to come later. 

<Q - Geoffrey Meacham>: Okay. Thanks. 

Operator 

We'll now hear from Phil Nadeau with Cowen & Company. 

<Q - Phil Nadeau>: Good evening. Thanks for taking my question. I have just a couple of questions on the 
ILLUMINATE trial. It seems like ILLUMINATE is going to give us a pretty precise answer on the proportion of 
patients who when taking telaprevir are eligible to discontinue therapy at 24 weeks. So just, first question is, is it safe to 
assume that you're going to give us the number of patients who were enrolled in the trial and the number of patients 
randomized and so we can just divide those two to get that proportion of patients who are actually eligible to 
discontinue early? 

<A - Robert Kauffman>: I can't comment on what we'll actually disclose at this point until we actually see the data. 

<A - Ian F. Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. I just – on the disclosure, Phil, I 
would say that, first of all, that's not the principal we'll prove with the ILLUMINATE study in terms of how many 
patients can be on 24 weeks. It is the comparability of the rapid viral responders who do take 24 weeks versus 48 
weeks. So that's the primary conclusion from that study. 


<A - Peter Mueller, Executive Vice President, Global Research and Development, and Chief Scientific Officer>: 
And safety. 

<A - Ian F. Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: And safety. Thanks, Peter. And safety. 
As far as whether we would disclose data taking the total patients that went on study for those that did not achieve 
RVR, I mean, we'll have to make sure that data is available at some point, but whether we disclose that when we 
disclose top line, I can't commit to that at this point. 

<Q - Phil Nadeau>: Okay. And then my second question, which may or may not be relevant, given what you just said, 
but I think we're all going to try to figure out what those numbers are anyway. How does the patient population 
compare between ILLUMINATE and ADVANCE? Is there any reason that ILLUMINATE would have a higher or a 
lower group of patients eligible to stop at 24 weeks than ADVANCE; for example, is the geographic enrollment 
different? Do you have any idea if the patient characteristics are different? 

<A - Robert Kauffman>: Yeah, I mean, at this point we don't have the data from the trials, so there's really no way to 
make a comparison between this trial and the 111 trial and any other trial we have. The study was conducted largely in 
the United States and Europe, so the population overlaps – the geographic distribution overlaps fairly well with 
ADVANCE, but obviously one doesn't know if the populations are comparable till we look, and we don't know the 
answer yet. 

<A - Ian F. Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Phil, I'd just add that if everybody is 
going to try and calculate the total SVR rates, it is not comparable to the ADVANCE study. What we have to 
remember here is that there are a proportion of patients that were rapid viral responders, they were undetectable at week 
4, 8 and 20 but did take 48 weeks of therapy. That was not the case in the ADVANCE study. So this is a very different 
study. So it might be an interesting calculation, but it's not the same regimen as the ADVANCE study. I think broadly, 
it will be interesting to get more patient safety data from those patients that went through 12 weeks of telaprevir dosing. 
And so we'll have that data, but please be careful of kind of re-computing an overall SVR rate for a regimen that 
different than the ADVANCE study. 

<Q - Phil Nadeau>: Okay. Thanks. And just one question for Nancy on pricing. Nancy, as we start to look through or 
readjust our models, scrub our models down as we approach the launch, can you give us some framework with which 
we should approach the prices that we're plugging into our models? 

<A - Nancy J. Wysenski, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer>: That's probably something I'm 
not going to be able to satisfy until the point where we actually are distributing the drug and actually into the launch 
phase. But let me put a little bit of color around it by saying that we are going through, as we speak, all of the typical 
research and thinking that goes into this phase of a product. And it's a little early even there to begin to speculate, 
because of the fact that we don't have the most important thing, and that is the label, not only for our drug but for 
competitors. Once we have that we'll start to really zero down. But, again, I don't expect I'm going to be able to share 
anything publicly until the point of launch. 

<Q - Phil Nadeau>: Okay. Fair enough. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question will come from Jason Kantor with RBC Capital Markets. 

<Q - Jason Kantor>: Thanks. Most of my questions have been answered. But I'm intrigued by this idea of running 
trials with other agents on top of telaprevir. Could you give us some examples of what you're thinking of or what types 
of structures in terms of business relationships you might strike in order to do that and maybe which drug classes are on 
your short list or planning to get something started sooner than later? 

<A - Ian F. Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Thanks for the question, Jason. I'll take 
it. So I'll go to the latter part of your question first, which is, no, we're not prepared to discuss the drugs that we're 


looking at. I think Peter covered the landscape earlier as how we think about mechanisms that may combine with 
telaprevir, and I will add, continue to expand portfolio beyond just 222. So it's a competitive space right now. So I don't 
want to go any further than that. 

<Q - Jason Kantor>: And what about the timing of potentially starting trials of other combinations? 

<A - Ian F. Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, I mean, so going to the partner 
structure part of your question, I'm going to keep it as broad as saying you can go all the way from doing 
co-development through to in-licensing through to M&A. There's lots of different ways of approaching this. And 
pending your approach and structure, that's how you might set up your combination. So as far as timing, I mean, it's 
something we're committed to. But timing isn't always within our control as well. We have to wait for the right 
molecules to materialize as well. So we're very active in the space, but we can't provide you any commitment at this 
time. 

<Q - Jason Kantor>: All right. Thank you. 

<A - Peter Mueller, Executive Vice President, Global Research and Development, and Chief Scientific Officer>: 
Also, you have to understand we have our own 508 program. 

<A - Michael Partridge, Vice President, Investor Relations>: So in the interests of time, operator, I think we have 
time for two more questions. 

Operator 

Okay. Thank you, sir. Our next question will come from Tom Russo with Robert W. Baird. 

<Q - Thomas Russo>: Thanks. Most of mine have been asked, but given your updates on the timing for 
ILLUMINATE and REALIZE and the late breaker submission for AASLD I think next week, can you comment on 
what detailed data we should look for from Phase 3 at that conference? 

<A - Ian F. Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Tom, thanks for the question. We don't 
comment on the data that we will put at different conferences. As you're probably aware, once you announce the date 
you believe you're going to be there that you could be breaking an embargo. So we're not going to specifically 
comment. More broadly though, we realize – pardon the pun – we realized that ADVANCE and REALIZE are 
fundamental studies in the ACV arena, and AASLD is a very important medical conference for ourselves this year to 
position this drug. And so knowing that importance to us and to the medical field, we will do all that we can for the 
benefit of telaprevir. 

<Q - Thomas Russo>: Okay. And in terms of the CF trials that are still in progress, is there anything anecdotal you're 
hearing from STRIVE on biomarker changes that are lung function that will bolster confidence that 770 is working 
over the longer durations? 

<A - Ian Russo>: We don't want to comment on anecdotal commentary. Data's all blinded at this point in time, some 
studies are starting to complete and we'll provide the data when we unblind it. As far as your own research and 
diligence around this space, as you know, there is a lot of commentary out there in the electronic world, so you can take 
that for what it's worth, but we're going to maintain blinded until the studies are complete. 

<Q - Thomas Russo>: Okay. Thanks. 

Operator 

Our last question today will come from Brian Abrahams with Oppenheimer. 


<Q - Brian Abrahams>: Hi. Thanks very much for taking my question. Just wanted to drill down on something Nancy 
and Peter have both – you both mentioned before. Just wondering, what's been your feedback from the community as to 
how important in differentiating advantage having knolls in the Phase 3 program and potentially on the label is going to 
be commercially? 

<A - Nancy J. Wysenski, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer>: Maybe I can start and maybe 
Peter can add a little bit to it. I think that for this patient type with 300,000 patients who have already failed therapy, 
many of them on more than two attempts, some as high as three and four, that it's going to be pretty critical. The way 
these patients are treated, when they are in a physician's office and they become this complex and have failed a course 
or two or three, they've been progressed within the system. And they don't always have all of the details related to their 
status and what those early failures were about. And so it seems to me that from a treating physician's point of view, 
particularly the high prescribing specialists who see these difficult-to-treat patients, it's a great advantage to know 
they're going to have data on knolls as well as on the partials and the relapsers. 

<Q - Brian Abrahams>: Got you. Thanks. That's very helpful. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back 
over to management for any additional or closing comments. 

Michael Partridge, Vice President, Investor Relations 

Thanks very much, Elizabeth. Thanks to everyone for taking the time to participate tonight. If we didn't get to your 
question or if you have additional questions, we're happy to talk to you after the call. Thanks again. 

Operator 

Once again, that does conclude today's conference call. And we thank you for your participation. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2010, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


