Q1 2009 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Michael Partridge, Vice President, Investor Relations 
• Ian F. Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
• Freda C. Lewis-Hall, M.D., FAPA, Executive Vice President, Medicines Development and Chief Medical Officer 
• Kurt C. Graves, Executive Vice President, Chief Commercial Officer and Head, Strategic Development 
• Matthew W. Emmens, President 
Other Participants 

• Edward Tenthoff 
• Geoffrey Porges 
• Phil Nadeau 
• Michael Aberman 
• Jason Kolbert 
• Davis Bu 
• Geoffrey Meacham 
• Howard Liang 
• Terence Flynn 
• Alan Carr 
• Adam Cutler 
• Jason Zhang 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good afternoon and welcome. My name is Patricia and I am your conference facilitator today. At this time I would like 
to welcome everyone to the Vertex Pharmaceuticals Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute. After 
Michael Partridge's remarks there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] 

Michael, are you ready to begin? 

Michael Partridge, Vice President, Investor Relations 

Yes. 

Operator 

Thank you very much. You may now begin your conference. 

Michael Partridge, Vice President, Investor Relations 


Good evening. This is Michael Partridge. Let me just clarify that we will take questions and answers at the end of the 
call after all of the speakers are completed. So welcome to Vertex's 2009 first quarter conference call. 

We made important progress in all aspects of our business in the first quarter. We completed enrollment in telaprevir's 
Phase III program. We broadened our Hepatitis C drug development portfolio, which positions Vertex for future HCV 
combination therapy. We advanced VX-809 into a Phase IIa study in F508del patients and we have an agreement to 
start a registration program with VX-770 focused on G551D patients in the second quarter and importantly, we further 
strengthened our balance sheet with the public offering and ended the quarter with 869 million in cash and equivalents. 

Joining me on today's call we have Ian Smith, Dr. Freda Lewis-Hall, Kurt Graves, and Matt Emmens, Vertex's 
President who will become our Chairman and CEO in May. 

I'll remind you of the following, information discussed on this conference call includes forward-looking statements 
which are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in detail in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission including our 10-K. GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures will be discussed on this call. Information 
regarding our use of non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of those measures to GAAP is available in our 
first quarter 2009 financial Press Release which can be accessed on our website at www.vrtx.com. Unless otherwise 
noted all 2009 expenses and guidance discussed in this call are inclusive of stock based compensation, executive 
transition acquisition related and restructuring expenses. 

Before I turn the call over to Ian, I would like to remind everyone that we are hosting an investor event in Copenhagen 
during EASL next Saturday, April 25. We are planning to webcast this event. The webcast will start at 1 PM East Coast 
Time for members of the investment community who are unable to attend. 

I'll now turn the call over to Ian. 

Ian F. Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks, Michael, and good evening to everyone. The financial highlight of the first quarter was that of raising 
additional capital. This enabled us to successfully add informed complementary assets to our HCV portfolio, continue 
our prioritized R&D investments toward HCV, CF and product creation, yet complete the quarter with $870 million of 
cash and cash equivalents. This cash position continues to support our projected 2009 R&D and business investment. 

In summary, we completed the quarter in a strengthened financial position. We have a shareholder base that is aligned 
with the opportunities within our business. It is highly rewarding for our business to gain this kind of support within 
this challenging macroeconomic environment. 

Now to the first quarter 2009 financial results. Our first quarter financial results are largely as we expected and our full 
year non-GAAP guidance of 400 to $435 million, which we provided in February, remains unchanged. Additionally, 
today, we are providing guidance that we expect to complete the year with approximately $700 million in cash, cash 
equivalents and marketable securities. This number assumes no further equity or equity based capital market activities 
during 2009. 

The first quarter non-GAAP loss before certain charges was $128 million compared to a first quarter 2008 non-GAAP 
loss of approximately $82 million. The increase was primarily attributable to a decrease in collaborative revenues and 
compared to 2008 an increase in total operating expenses to support the advancement of telaprevir's registration 
program and to prepare for commercialization. We also have additional investment towards the fast emerging disease 
area of cystic fibrosis. 

The GAAP net loss for the first quarter of 2009 was approximately $161 million compared to 96 million in the first 
quarter of 2008. Total revenues for the first quarter for 2009 were approximately $25 million compared to 42 of those 
in 2008. The 2008 first quarter revenues included milestone payments of approximately $12 million. These were 
non-recurring. 


Now to R&D investment. Our total R&D expense was approximately $144 million compared to $160 million in the 
first quarter of 2008. The increase reflects investment activity to support the advancement of telaprevir and the 
broadening of our efforts in cystic fibrosis including the preparation for the registration program. 

Our first quarter SG&A expense was approximately $28 million compared to $20 million in the first quarter 2008. This 
increase was a result of building capabilities to support our business and the commercial steps as we prepare for the 
launch of telaprevir. 

In closing, I'd like to reiterate our 2009 guidance for our non-GAAP loss that we've provided earlier this year. 
Specifically, the key financial measures within our business today are those of non-GAAP loss, which has a range of 
400 to $435 million and this is a good proxy for our annual cash burn and our yearend cash and cash equivalents 
position, which we expect to be approximately $700 million. We are managing our business in line with this guidance 
and we are well positioned with respect to creating cash and revenue from our business development activities and 
prioritizing our investments towards HCV, CF, and product creation. 

Freda, over to you. 

Freda C. Lewis-Hall, M.D., FAPA, Executive Vice President, Medicines 
Development and Chief Medical Officer 

Thank you, Ian. It continues to be a busy time for Vertex's clinical programs. We're nearing completion of the 
telaprevir dosing portion of our Phase III program in Hepatitis C and we entered a new path that may create a further 
improvement for future therapies for HCV, that of STAT-C combination therapy. Additionally, we're advancing in the 
area of cystic fibrosis and we have agreement to start a Phase III registration program for the potentiator compound 
VX-770 in patients with the G551D mutation. We have also recently initiated a Phase II clinical trial of VX-809, our 
corrector compound in CF patients who have the F508del mutation. 

I'd like to begin today by reminding everyone that we will be presenting PROVE 3 data as a part of the late breaker at 
EASL next week. From PROVE 3, the key new data are the SVR 24 results in the 48-week telaprevir arm and the 
control arm. Although I cannot discuss these data in detail until the presentation on Saturday, April 25, the published 
abstract data are unprecedented. These data give us confidence that we can achieve a positive result and realize our 
Phase III study in treatment failure patients, which is the only study to enroll all major treatment failure populations 
including null responders. Specifically, the PROVE 3 results provide us with the confidence that we have the right 
regimen to maximize SCR rates in this patient population, that of 12 weeks of telaprevir dosing as a part of a 48 week 
combination regimen. 

Now turning briefly to the registration program underway with telaprevir, we remain on track to complete Phase 3 and 
file an NDA next year. In January of this year, we completed all portions of telaprevir dosing in the ADVANCE Phase 
3 trial in treatment naive genotype 1 HCV patients. And today we announced that we have completed the Telaprevir 
dosing portion in the supplemental ILLUMINATE study in treatment naive patients. We completed enrollment of the 
REALIZE Phase 3 trial in treatment failure patients in February, and we expect to complete the Telaprevir dosing 
portion of that trial next month. This means that all patients in our registration program will be off Telaprevir next 
month. 

As of today, we have dosed more than 2,500 patients with Telaprevir, which will provide a robust safety database to 
inform our NDA. The registration program is progressing very nicely and we're increasingly optimistic that the 
outcome of the trial will provide the best-in-class product profile for treatment naive and all treatment failure patients. 

I would like now to quickly update you on the status of study C208, say that three times. This study is evaluating 
response guided Telaprevir regimens and we announced today that all patients in the study which enrolled 160 patients 
have completed either 24 or 48 weeks of treatment. Our confidence remains high in the potential to dose Telaprevir 
twice daily. 


As a reminder, this study is being conducted by our collaborator Tibotec, and is in exploratory study evaluating the 
safety and efficacy of Telaprevir dose either twice daily or three times daily together, with either PEGASYS or 
PEGINTRON. In November of last year, investigators reported 12 week interim data from this study, showing that 
more than 80% of patients who received Telaprevir based combination either twice daily or three times daily had 
undetectable HCV RNA at week 4 and week 12. In summary, we have continued to make impressive progress with 
Telaprevir during the first quarter of 2009. 

Turning elsewhere in our HCV portfolio, just last month, we announced our acquisition of ViroChem Pharma which 
added two novel polymerase inhibitors, VCH-222 and VCH-759 to our HCV portfolio. Following the acquisition, we 
are moving ahead and planning several clinical initiatives to better define the profile of these product candidates in 
order to initiate the first combination study of Telaprevir with VCH-222 or VCH-759 as early as the fourth quarter of 
this year. 

We're excited about the prospect of combining Telaprevir with our newly acquired polymerases, and today we 
announced that we're initiating a multi-dose, three day viral kinetic study to evaluate the anti-viral activity, safety, 
tolerability, and pharmacokinetics of VCH-222 and genotype 1 HCV patients. We expect to use data from this trial to 
inform the design of the first trial exploring STAT-C combinations with telaprevir. 

Now, turning to cystic fibrosis; I'll start with VX-770, an oral drug candidate that targets the defective or missing CFTR 
protein, which is an underlying genetic defect that causes cystic fibrosis. We have agreement with regulatory 
authorities and we will begin the registration program for VX-770 this quarter. 

As we outlined previously, the VX-770 registration program will consist of three separate trials, including a primary 
trial to enroll patients ages 12 and older who carry the G551D mutation on at least one allele, and a pediatric trial for 
patients ages six to 11. The registration program will include a primary efficacy end point at 24 weeks for patients with 
the G551D mutation. 

However, we will conduct the trial for 48 weeks to provide sufficient safety data to meet the requirement for an NDA 
filing. It will measure the primary endpoint of FEV1 and secondary endpoints on additional clinical measures, 
including sweat chloride which can help evaluate the effect on CFTR. 

In the first quarter, we also made progress with our corrector compound, VX-809 in CF and initiated a Phase IIa trial in 
patients with the F508del mutation. The primary objective of this multi-dose study in patients with CF is to establish 
the safety of VX-809 in the most common mutation. In addition to safety, this study represents the first opportunity to 
evaluate whether a corrector compound can have an effect on measures of CFTR function. 

While this is primarily a safety study, any clinical effects on sweat chloride and nasal potential difference that we 
observe will be encouraging with respect to advancing the VX-809 program, including the potential exploration of 
VX-770 and VX-809 in combination. We expect to complete the Phase IIa trial in early 2010. 

We have made great progress in early 2009, and we are advancing in two significant diseases with great unmet medical 
need, HCV and cystic fibrosis. We are looking forward to profiling telaprevir at EASL next week and continuing to 
update you of our progress in the future. I'll now turn the call over to Kurt. 

Kurt C. Graves, Executive Vice President, Chief Commercial Officer and Head, 
Strategic Development 

Thank you, Freda, and good evening everyone. I'll provide a brief update tonight about our commercial and corporate 
development activities and plans for 2009. It is exciting and busy time at Vertex as you can hear, and our business is 
advancing rapidly on multiple fronts that each hold impressive value and growth potential for the company. 

First, we're really seeing a compelling profile for telaprevir take commercial shape that lines up with what our market 
research has been telling us the marketplace needs, as well as what it will take to differentiate and achieve strong 
uptake versus potential competitors. Telaprevir continues to set high standards for others to try to match, and we remain 


confident in our position going into EASL and looking beyond. I'll update you more on our market dynamics and our 
latest insights at our investor event next week in Copenhagen. 

Second, with the recent acquisition of ViroChem we've executed on a major strategic priority for the company – to 
enhance Telaprevir's mid to long-term competitiveness, while also putting in place the STAT-C combination building 
blocks to shape the leading multi-drug HCV franchise for the future, much the same way other companies like Gilead 
have done to build real leadership in a multi-drug disease area by being able to continuously shape and deliver the best 
combination regimen for patients. 

Third, while everyone, including us is hyper-focused on our progress in HCV, we're quietly but very rapidly advancing 
our CF and JAK3 programs in the clinic to the point where they are shaping up to be real potential sources of value for 
the company. Our lead CF program went for proof of concept to registration in almost the blink of an eye, and our lead 
JAK3 program is now Phase II ready with a differentiated profile that we and others believe has the clear potential for 
broad application across multiple billion dollar market segments and indications where there is still significant unmet 
medical needs. 

If you think of Vertex just 12 months ago, we fundamentally enhanced our position and our growth potential on 
multiple levels. At the same time, with so many opportunities advancing for us, it is also required us to make some 
thoughtful and sometimes difficult portfolio and investment choices, to carefully manage our expansion, maintain our 
execution focused on mission critical priorities and also continue to balance our strong financial position in a 
disciplined way as Ian alluded to earlier in his remarks. 

This leads me to the fourth and final point tonight as it relates to our corporate and business development plans. As 
you've already seen with our recent acquisition and in other ways for the foreseeable future, our business development 
activities will play an increasingly central role in our business plan as we strive to balance our financial position while 
building the company through to our first launch, where we will then have to manage for the potential rapid growth we 
foresee shortly thereafter. 

Our BD Group will continue to perceive ways to strengthen our portfolio in collaborations in key disease areas. But just 
as important in these difficult financial times, we are actively engaged in out-licensing and partnership discussions on 
attractive assets like our JAK3 program, where we don't currently believe we have the capacity and/or the capabilities 
ourselves to maximize the value of those assets on our own. 

Last but not least we're also working on opportunities to bring in additional sources of non-dilutive capital via new 
external collaborations with third parties or updated agreements we have with some of our existing partnerships, like 
the one we have with Mitsubishi Tanabe in Asia, now that Telaprevir is in Phase III combination studies required for 
registration and approval in that market. 

In summary, 2009 has got off to a fantastic start and there's a lot of energy at Vertex. We've advanced all our key assets 
on track or ahead of schedule. We've made a significant strategic acquisition in HCV, which puts us in an even stronger 
position for the future. We're building our commercial capabilities for launch, and we've got a full and exciting BD 
agenda ahead to help us grow the business while also maintaining a strong and well balanced financial position. 

I look forward to seeing many of you at EASL next week. Matt, over to you. 

Matthew W. Emmens, President 

Thanks, Kurt. Good evening, everyone. I'd like to make a few brief comments regarding Vertex's recent progress and 
share with you some of my initial observations since joining the company. You know, I've been involved in healthcare, 
biotech and pharmaceuticals for over 35 years. What's increasingly clear to me is that the way forward for research 
based companies in this industry is to concentrate their efforts solely on new approaches for serious diseases where 
there is the greatest medical need. This is where the drugs demonstrate the most value and the best risk benefit profile 
to patients and can ultimately deliver the most return for shareholders. 


I was on the Vertex board for four years before joining as President a few months ago and I can tell you, I am 
convinced now more than ever that Vertex has the drug candidates to drive success, both in the near and longer term. 

In short, as I've gotten more involved in the every day, I really like what I see. There is a palpable excitement here and 
obviously a high level of focus on the most critical activities that are needed for a successful NDA filing and launch of 
telaprevir. 

Throughout the company, people also demonstrate a basic sensibility. In both late stage development and in early 
research programs, you see it. They are working in areas of the greatest medical need. Today, you heard about HCV 
and cystic fibrosis; however we have efforts targeting neurological disorders including neuropathic pain and multiple 
sclerosis, infectious diseases such as tuberculosis and immunological disorders which is where the VX-509 compound 
originated. And just maybe, just maybe, we will be successful in one or more of these areas, the result being new truly 
unique therapies and the continuing emergence of a world class healthcare company. 

I look forward to getting to know many of you and I also look forward to helping guide Vertex through this important 
period bringing focus and operating discipline. It's a wonderful challenge, it's an honor and I accept that challenge and 
we look forward to updating you on our progress as we go. Michael, back to you. 

Michael Partridge, Vice President, Investor Relations 

Thank you. We will now open the call to your questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Ted Tenthoff of Piper Jaffray. Your line is open. 

<Q - Edward Tenthoff>: Great. Thank you very much and congrats on an exciting start to the year. Look forward to 
seeing you in Copenhagen next week. Just starting out with the cash position if I may, with the burn rate significantly 
higher in 1Q, are there any expectations for partnering in that guidance to end the year with 700 million or maybe you 
could give a little bit of color, a little bit more detail on that guidance? 

<A - Ian Smith>: Sure, thanks. I'll take that question, Ted. Thanks – question. 

<Q - Edward Tenthoff>: Hi, Ian. 

<A - Ian Smith>: If I take it more broadly in our financial guidance both the non-GAAP loss and also the balance 
sheet measure at the end of the year, there is expectation that we will be successful in the business development area 
and therefore contribute both revenue and cash to the business. 

So in looking at the first quarter loss that comes in on a non-GAAP basis about $127 million, the run rate of R&D in 
our business is pretty consistent through each quarter but we do anticipate that there will be revenues that would occur 
in the future quarters that will offset some of this investment. 

That's how we've picked our guidance for the full year that it will be between 400 and $435 million of loss and 
approximately $700 million of cash at the end of the year. 

<Q - Edward Tenthoff>: Excellent. That's very helpful and I'll hop back in the queue. Thanks. 

<A - Ian Smith>: Okay. 

<A - Michael Partridge>: Thanks. 


Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of May-Kin Ho of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. 

<A - Michael Partridge>: Hello, May-Kin? May-Kin? 

Operator 

Your line is open. Yes, go ahead. 

<A - Michael Partridge>: Could we have the next question, please? 

Operator 

Yes. Your next question comes from the line of Geoff Porges of Bernstein. Your line is open. 

<Q - Geoffrey Porges>: Thanks very much. Can you hear me there? 

<A>: We can. 

<Q - Geoffrey Porges>: Great. Okay. So I just had a few questions on the development programs and thanks to the 
additional information. First, on 222, I'm surprised to see you doing another three day study. Could you explain why 
that rather than a seven day combination study? Secondly, on 813, could you give us a sense – you now have that 
product in the clinic. When will we see Phase Ib data, and could you give us a sense of its dose range and dosing 
frequency? And then on 770, 12 months is a long trial and 100 centers is a lot of centers. Could you give us a sense of; 
A) how many patients are involved in the different parts of that protocol? And secondly, will there be any interim looks 
or earlier indicators of efficacy other than waiting for the full 12 month duration? Thanks. 

<A - Freda Lewis-Hall>: Okay, why don't I be your last one first on the 770 program. 

<Q - Geoffrey Porges>: Yeah. 

<A - Freda Lewis-Hall>: And I'll try and answer as many questions as I can. 

So, it is a three study. The first study is in patients who are G551D mutation over 12 years old. We expect about a 
hundred patients in that study. Remembering that the G551D population is around 2,000 worldwide. But we consider 
ourselves very well connected into the experts who treat these patients and the centers who have identified these 
patients. The second trial is a trial in patients six to 11. There are a smaller number of those patients, probably around 
30-ish, and again, these patients are identified in centers around the world. So we feel fairly well connected into the 
centers that would be required to identify these individual patients and to recruit them into the trial. The third trial is the 
F508del population, which as you're aware is a larger population, and that trial will include about 120 patients. And 
again, we think that recruitment of the F508del population will be a little bit easier just because of their number. So I 
hope I answered your recruitment question. 

The number of centers is just reflective of the size of the population and how far you have to go in order to identify 
them and recruit them into the trial. The duration of the trial, the primary end point is the FEV1 at 24 weeks, and we 
expect to evaluate the efficacy at that point. However, the G551D mutation studies both of them are expected to run for 
48 weeks. Primarily so that we can accumulate the safety data at 48 weeks that we think will be required for our file. 
We do not expect to share the data in the middle of the trial. We're going from the first 24 weeks if you would with an 
analysis to the second 24 weeks. And of course, we would be judicious in the appropriateness of sharing any data that 
was derived from any analyses along the way. 

I think I answered all of your 770. 

<Q - Geoffrey Porges>: 770. Okay, thank you. That's very helpful. 


<A - Freda Lewis-Hall>: I'm trying to keep up. So, the second question that you asked was about VX-813, and let me 
take a step back and not just answer about 813. Remember that we have a portfolio, if you would, of second generation 
HCV protease inhibitors. Telaprevir is establishing a fairly high bar at this point, so our strategy has been to take what 
we've learned from the Telaprevir program and our understanding of the needs in the marketplace and to set some very 
specific learnings and some very specific criteria for advancing an HCV protease inhibitor. So for VX-813 and 985 
which is a little earlier in its development, we expect probably later this year to be able to give you more information 
about how we've evaluated these two compounds against our criteria and our plans for taking them forward. 

And then last but not least was 


<Q - Geoffrey Porges>: 222. 

<A - Freda Lewis-Hall>: 222. 

<Q - Geoffrey Porges>: And the second three day study. 

<A - Freda Lewis-Hall>: And the second three day study – so, if you'll recall what we have is five patients in three 
days, so the second study is really articulated to give us some dose ranging data and information so that we can ensure 
that we have the optimum effective dose to carry forward in our trials. It will provide us with some safety data. We 
need tolerability data. We need some more pharmacokinetic data to really get our arms around advancing this safely 
into combination therapy. So that's the reason for conducting the trial as we've discussed it. 

<Q - Geoffrey Porges>: Okay, thanks very much for all that, Freda. I appreciate it. 

<A - Freda Lewis-Hall>: Sure. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Phil Nadeau of Cowen and Company. Your line is open. 

<Q - Phil Nadeau>: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. First question is on the ILLUMINATE trial. At 
our recent conference there's a lot of debate among the physicians on the HCV panel about how important the 
ILLUMINATE trial could be for the commercial adoption of Telaprevir. Could you give us your own thoughts on that 
question? How important is that trial for the adoption? 

<A - Kurt Graves>: I think that it's a great question. Thanks for asking. It's Kurt. The reason the study is important is 
our primary pivotal study in naïve patients as you know is looking at response guided 24-week regimens for the 
majority of patients, so our registration program will focus on that as our primary pivotal study, but one of the reasons 
we always said we did the ILLUMINATE study was purely for commercial educational purposes at launch. When we 
launch this drug we're going to be changing the way HCV has been treated. Everybody treats this disease with 
48-weeks of therapy right now. 

So what we learned with some customers was that if you just launch a new drug that changes the treatment paradigm to 
a 24-week regimen, they still have the question in the back of their head, is it safe for me to stop my patients at 
24-weeks or is there any incremental risk benefit of continuing them for an additional 24-weeks. And that's what this 
ILLUMINATE study will answer for us. As you know based on all the data we have from our Phase II program, we're 
very confident that we have a profile of a drug that has a 24-week regimen and we think this study will provide further 
evidence to doctors that they can safely stop their patients at 24-weeks and rely on high SVR rates. 

<Q - Phil Nadeau>: Okay, and do you in your minds have any idea of what increment would be acceptable in SVR 
rates between the 24 week group and the 48 week group so that that conclusion can be reached by physicians? Is it 1% 
or 5%, 10%? 

<A - Kurt Graves>: No, you know, it's another great question and actually, we talked about that with the FDA when 
we were down talking to them about our program. And, I think with the way the FDA and we are looking at this and all 


of our clinical advisors, that it's not just an efficacy question, it's a risk benefit question, because everyone is well aware 
that an additional six months of interferon or ribavirin is not risk or tolerability free. There's a risk component and there 
is an efficacy component. So, I think you'd need to – you need to be probably significantly above 5% before anyone 
would start to look at – is that additional six months of therapy really a benefit to tolerate the risk that you have to take 
on with it. 

<Q - Phil Nadeau>: Okay, great. And, just one follow-up question for Ian. Ian, I apologize if you said this in response 
to Ian Somaiya's (sic) [Ted Tenthoff] question, but I didn't hear the answer. I think you said R&D is going to be 
constant through the rest of the year and there will be revenue that increases in the second half to decrease the burn. 
Where is that revenue coming from? 

<A - Ian Smith>: So I'll just repeat the remarks Phil, and welcome aboard by the way. 

<Q - Phil Nadeau>: Thanks. 

<A - Ian Smith>: So with R&D rather than staying constant, it's pretty even quarter to quarter through this year. So 
you're correct there. And then in terms of revenue we do anticipate revenue whether it's Q2, Q3, Q4, but it does come 
later in the year that does offset what you might otherwise have done, which is take the first quarter loss and multiply it 
by four. Don't do that, because we do anticipate revenues and cash flow in the following quarters from business 
development activities. 

Kurt referred in his prepared remarks, specifically to two big opportunities that we have. One, with the JAK3 program 
that we're currently in discussion with some pharmaceutical companies. And then also, we are in discussion with 
Mitsubishi. Our relationship with Mitsubishi previously was around a monotherapy. They are now advancing the 
Telaprevir into a Phase III combination study, so we're in discussion with Mitsubishi. We expect that that will also 
provide us with revenue and cash flow as well. So all those should flow in the following quarters. 

<Q - Phil Nadeau>: Great. That's very helpful. Thanks. 

Operator 

You're next question comes from the line of Michael Aberman of Credit Suisse. Your line is open. 

<Q - Michael Aberman>: Hi, guys, thanks. I have a question about your combination studies. Obviously ViroChem 
acquisition allows you to move forward with potential combinations there, but have you – have you ruled out or do you 
still think it's important to try doing other potential collaborations with, let's say, other nucleoside polymerase 
inhibitors, different classes of like nukes versus non-nukes and/or other assets and is that something we should think of 
for '09 or is all of your attention on that kind of combination set so you can be focused on ViroChem? 

<A - Kurt Graves>: Thanks for the question. It's a good question on a couple fronts. Strategically, I think the way we 
look at this field is, it's emerging and there's new mechanisms that are emerging early in the clinic. We made a 
judgment after looking at the whole field of all the different mechanisms that the assets we acquired were the best ones 
and the furthest advanced to give us a shot at defining a new better therapy for patients. And we feel that 222 and 759 
were the best polymerase assets out there. 

But our overall strategy in HCV is focused on continuing to bring better, shorter course, more effective regimens to 
patients and we believe there is other mechanisms out there that scientifically still could be part of future collaborations 
that we might pursue and we are discussing with other companies. 

We're not looking to go out and buy another company right now. So collaborations I use very broadly, including just 
co-development studies with some people with some of these other mechanisms, but we're absolutely not only looking 
at polymerase inhibitors forever in Hepatitis C. 

<Q - Michael Aberman>: Can I follow-up with a BID question? Can you give us some sense as we wait to see those 
data, what we should be looking for in terms of how to judge and how will you be judging whether BID data are 


sufficient for this to be a BID drug and do you – did you also contemplate looking at TID versus Q8 or do you think of 
those as the same way because we've heard that Q8 is not as good as let's say TID, and how do you think of that in 
terms of PK and patient compliance in the real world? 

<A - Freda Lewis-Hall>: So C208 is actually evaluating q 12 hours against q 8 hours of therapies, and the intention of 
that study is whether or not the relative safety and relative effectiveness of this gives us support to move into the 
development of a q 12 hour dosing regimen. So we are moving along with the data that we will need to make that 
decision. All of the patients are through treatment and we're now awaiting for the trial to conclude, so it's all over but 
the shout at this point because we are watching patients in the post-treatment phase. So as the data comes in at the 
completion of the study, we'll analyze it and at that point we'll be able to see if what we saw at the interim analysis 
holds, and that is that the overall likelihood of a BID dosing regimen moving forward would be upheld. 

<Q - Michael Aberman>: You don't have a look at the end of therapy data? 

<A - Matthew Emmens>: Just to build on what Freda already said, I think the end of therapy data will potentially be 
coming soon but we are not committed yet to talk about that externally. I think the most important question about the 
C208 study is really in the first 12 weeks, the central question is, is there any meaningful difference in safety when you 
dose the drug twice a day versus three times a day, and we know through the 12-week period when telaprevir is given, 
there was no meaningful difference in the safety profile. That was a key marker for us, so that we're clear on now. 

From an efficacy perspective, we also know that at four weeks as a marker of efficacy SVR rates, when both drugs are 
over 80% and very close together in terms of RVR rates, the likelihood that that's going to translate into very similar 
SVR rates is high from all of our Phase 2 data. So that's why we've said we have pretty high confidence based on the 
early data that this should be a BID drug and now we're just waiting for the final SVR results to validate that. 

<Q - Michael Aberman>: All right. I guess I'll wait with everyone else. Is there going to be – is that going to be 
something you'll top line or will we wait to see this in a medical conference? 

<A - Ian Smith>: So we're not committing to a specific time or event, Michael. 

<Q - Michael Aberman>: Okay. 

<A - Ian Smith>: But towards the second half of this year we should see some data and certainly before the end of the 
year. 

I'll just take this opportunity to say as we look at BID, clearly it's nice to move telaprevir from a three times daily drug 
to a twice daily drug. But the key in establishing this drug as a twice daily drug is the opportunity to combine with a 
twice daily polymerase in combination therapy. I think sometimes we just look at the drug as a protease and getting it 
from three times a day to twice a day, but the real opportunity is if you can combine it with a twice a day polymerase. 
The data coming to you in the second half of the year at some point. 

<Q - Michael Aberman>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Lisa Jaco of GMT Securities. Your line is open. 

<Q>: Hi, guys, looking forward to seeing you next week in Copenhagen. Just actually most my questions have been 
answered. Just wanted to get a description of the doses that you're going to be looking at in that multi-dose study for 
222? 

<A - Ian Smith>: So I'll take that, Lisa, because we haven't disclosed the doses that we'll be exploring at this point. So 
maybe at a future point in time, but right now we're not disclosing those doses. 

<Q>: Okay. Thanks. 


<A - Ian Smith>: Thanks. And see you in Copenhagen. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Jason Kolbert of ThinkEquity. Your line is open. 

<Q - Jason Kolbert>: – guys. just a couple of quick questions. I wanted to talk a little bit about the J&J collaborative 
revenues. Can you elaborate about which way they ran this quarter and what we should expect for the rest of the year? 
Because quite honestly what I'm trying to do is understand the guidance and it's that trying to figure out what the right 
number is for the business development payment and the split between JAK3 and Mitsubishi offsetting R&D. So 
getting as much granularity as we can get on how R&D is going to change and I know the J&J payments are a big part 
of that. 

<A - Ian Smith>: Thanks, Jason. Let me see if I can simplify this for you, a complex question in terms of the line items 
of our P&L. But maybe simplifying it this, as you look at the first quarter revenues, other than the royalty the majority 
of the revenues are from J&J. That is the run rate for our J&J payments and consistent with what I said about our R&D 
run rate for each quarter of this year, we are reimbursed $0.50 on each dollar we spend on development of telaprevir by 
J&J. So if we're running at a relatively consistent rate quarter-to-quarter on our R&D investment, then you'd anticipate 
that the revenue line would also run at a very similar rate quarter-to-quarter. So as you look at the revenues for the first 
quarter the majority of those other than the royalty were from J&J and that's the run rate for each quarter. 

<Q - Jason Kolbert>: Okay. Terrific. Thank you so much. Have a great meeting overseas. 

<A - Michael Partridge>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Davis Bu of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. 

<Q - Davis Bu>: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. I have two actually. The first is, if I can extend off of the earlier 
question on the BID dosing, so when we actually do see the results, because the key here is its use in combination 
therapy, is there – how should we think about a differential and benefit? Is there a tolerance to have maybe a little bit 
lower cure rates with the BID dose with the idea that you can combine it with the polymerase inhibitors and it would be 
a – and the combination would be better? 

<A - Freda Lewis-Hall>: So I wouldn't think of it that way, if I were you. So just remember that the reason that we are 
conducting this study is to identify whether or not we can move into q 12 hour dosing in a future study. So this would 
not lead to either the use of or the approval for BID use of the drug, so that's the first thing. So this is to inform us on 
the future development opportunities. So I wouldn't jump to the clinical application of this based on the outcome of 
C208. 

<A - Matthew Emmens>: The only other thing I would add to what Freda said, I think the ultimate goal if you take a 
step back and you look at why we acquired the polymerase inhibitors, once we find out the right doses and then once 
we move into the combination development work, the next step for us is to start to explore whether we can define a 
new triple or perhaps if we're fortunate enough even a potential dual regimen where we are trying to get rid of either 
interferon or ribavirin in the regimen, and at the same time, provide short course therapy that actually doesn't 
compromise SVR rates but raises it. 

That based on all the knowledge we have in the field and modeling that we've done internally we think is feasible. Of 
course, we have to run the experiments to prove it but we're looking and this is not moving back in any dimension. It's 
hopefully getting rid of drugs, that are not well tolerated by patients specifically interferon and ribavirin while 
providing even shorter course therapies and high SVR rates. That's the goal of this program. 


<Q - Davis Bu>: Thank you. And then if I could, forgive me if you had mentioned this but on 770, given sort of the 
recruitment issues and so fourth, have you indicated when we might see some of the data from the registrational 
program, first. And second is, your use of the, your inclusion with the sweat chloride as a secondary end point, is the 
thought here that ultimately that you want to move toward considering this maybe as a surrogate marker for drugs that 
affect the receptor and what implication might this have for 809? 

<A - Freda Lewis-Hall>: So I'll answer your second question first, because it strikes a nerve because it's so exciting. 
So the reason that sweat chloride is such an exciting thing for us to continue to study is it's the first time that we have 
been able to see an effect on sweat chloride within a treatment in CF, so this really tells us that our mechanism or 
indicates to us that the mechanism that we are proposing in fact delivered, so that is a really exciting proposition. 

What we haven't done and what we hope to do in the registrational program with 770 is to make a link to the clinical 
outcome of FEV1. So we will take the opportunity in the registrational program to take a look at the relationship 
between sweat chloride and SEV1 and that hopefully will give us a new platform for studying future compounds such 
as 809 and its effect. 

So that's the answer to the second one and the first is no, this is going to be a very interesting and challenging 
recruitment opportunity. We really think that we've identified the right centers and investigators and the potential to 
recruit patients in but because this is groundbreaking work, we are just not certain at this time what the time period of 
recruitment would look like. Stay tuned. 

<Q - Davis Bu>: All right. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Geoff Meacham of JPMorgan. Your line is open. 

<Q - Geoffrey Meacham>: Hi guys. Thanks for squeezing me in. Apologies if this has been asked already, but on the 
telaprevir trial in the treatment phase of the trial, what are the adverse event thresholds and is the frequency of safety 
monitoring different than earlier studies that you guys did? 

<A - Freda Lewis-Hall>: So I'm sorry, repeat your question? 

<Q - Geoffrey Meacham>: Just in the treatment phase of telaprevir trials 


<A - Freda Lewis-Hall>: Yes. 

<Q - Geoffrey Meacham>: – was wondering if you've passed any significant hurdles with respect to adverse events 
and then how frequently going forward you're going to monitor these things, if it's different than other studies that 
you've done? 

<A - Freda Lewis-Hall>: No, no, not at all. I mean – the, the ongoing platform for drug development is really looking 
at the risk benefit profile and we take every opportunity to closely monitor all of the safety perspectives as well as the 
treatment benefit. So, we don't see telaprevir as unique in the requirements to monitor for adverse events. 

<Q - Geoffrey Meacham>: Okay. And then on the VX-770 part – you talked a little bit about enrollment pace I guess 
in the last question and obviously, there is a lot of enthusiasm in the CF community for the drug but how do you think 
from an FDA perspective, you have an orphan indication but how do you think about the FDA's perspective on the 
need for length of duration, for safety needs of the drug, the duration therapy? 

<A - Freda Lewis-Hall>: Yes, so we've been actually, first of all, let me say we've been thrilled with the collaboration 
with the FDA in this space. There's a lot of enthusiasm at the Agency here in the U.S., in Europe, and amongst the 
treaters of CF patients as well as everybody who kind of touches this community. So, yes there's a lot of enthusiasm. 

We believe that we've come to a comfortable agreement around a 48-week study duration for the G551D mutation 
population and so that is agreed across the agencies and we feel comfortable with that as a point in time to look at the 


safety of the drug as well. 

I also wanted to make a comment, I thought about – thinking about your question around safety. One of the things that 
you do in Phase III obviously is to take a look at the larger population and that gives you a broader view to see things 
that you may not have seen in the smaller trial. The other thing that it does though is, it builds a research program upon 
a fairly good foundation of understanding the adverse events out of Phase II and for us, this has been no different. 

So, we have seen the adverse event profiler actually the safety profile carry forward from our earlier work. And this is 
an area of really high unmet need. So patients are highly motivated in this space, especially after seeing the potential 
for efficacy that was delivered in the early phase trial. And physicians are highly motivated and realize that if they can 
work with their patients through the – any safety issues that may arise that they have a really good potential at the other 
end for a great benefit. 

So, we've really seen a good evolution of all of the appropriate attention to safety but a really improved handling if you 
would as we've seen our Phase III evolve. So, I wanted to make sure I had gotten that point across. It's gotten better. 

<Q - Geoffrey Meacham>: Thanks Freda. I appreciate it. 

<A - Matthew Emmens>: Can I add something to what Freda said about the question about the FDA and 770? 
Because Freda's sometimes too bashful about what she and her team have accomplished with the FDA. And the 
excitement is real down there; I think having worked in my prior company on symptomatic treatments for this disease 
-- what I'm talking about is Tobramycin, Pulmozyme; these are therapies that the FDA looked in the more acute phase 
because they used episodically to treat these patients. 

What we're doing with CF is potentially introducing a drug that is potentially disease modifying. So, when you look at 
our protocol, our primary end point is a six-month primary efficacy end point. But we and the FDA – we are fully 
aligned on this, also want to look at durability of effectiveness and longer term safety because the real potential of this 
drug is long term treatment for patients, and that's why we've designed the study the way we have. We're fully onboard 
with each other and fully aligned in what we need to demonstrate in the program. 

<Q - Geoffrey Meacham>: Thanks a lot. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Howard Liang of Leerink Swann. Your line is open. 

<Q - Howard Liang>: Thank you very much. I have a question regarding – sorry – C208 – sorry, the C208 lead trial, 
your statement that the data to-date support the potential of BID. Does that include SVR12 data, for the patients who 
had RVR and who are complete already? 

<A - Ian Smith>: So, Howard, maybe I'll just jump in there because this is -- the data that we've talked about to Wall 
Street at this point in time was the week four and week 12 data back at ASLD. That's primarily the data that's giving us 
the confidence, as Kurt mentioned earlier on the call. We're not seeing any significant spreads between the TID and 
BID when measured at an RVR. We aren't looking at the data as we go along so, we don't have additional data, but it's 
mainly off the week four and week 12 measures. 

<Q - Howard Liang>: Okay, great. And you'll be presenting data on genotype 2, 3, 4 at EASL. Can you talk about 
what your plans are for these additional genotypes based on what you've seen so far? 

<A - Matthew Emmens>: We and our partner Tibotec are talking about this because some of the genotypes we have 
activity and we can't get into the results until the medical conference. But as you know genotype 1 is the bulk of the 
patients worldwide with hepatitis, that's the real dynamic in the market. We know our profile quite well in that area and 
we're exploring and finding out things in those other smaller genotype populations, and we're working with our partner 
to kind of ratify and focus a development program in that area going forward. We'll share more details on that once 
we've had those meetings with our partner. 


<Q - Howard Liang>: Last question regarding 222. What data do you have regarding the difference in tolerability 
between 222 and 916, either clinically or pre-clinically? And perhaps, do you know either of these compounds crosses 
the brain blood barrier? 

<A - Freda Lewis-Hall>: I don't know the answer to your last question. I apologize for that, so either I don't have it or 
we don't have it, and I'm not quite sure which. 

<A - Matthew Emmens>: We can follow-up and I don't believe from the due diligence that 222 does for sure. I'm 
pretty sure on that one, it definitely doesn't. 

To your question from the safety of the compound 916 versus 222, we talked a little bit about this the day that we 
announced the deal. We're really focused on 222 and 759. 916 you'll see some data at EASL, so I'm assuming that's 
probably why you're raising your question about 916. We really don't see that as a lead asset we're going to take 
forward. We do see the two assets that have a lot of potential as 222 primarily and 759 rated in the same space. 

And when you look at the safety of these compounds, especially versus all the knowledge we have in the field, they're 
quite distinguished in their safety profile. The highest criteria we had when making the acquisition of a drug to combine 
with telaprevir which is still in Phase 3 is the safety and combinability of that asset with our drug. So we had very high 
hurdles on how clean they were, how clean the tox profile was, how combinable they were with telaprevir from a drug 
metabolism point of view, from a drug-drug interaction perspective. And both of these compounds look very safe to 
combine with telaprevir, and that's why we moved forward with the transaction we did. 

<Q - Howard Liang>: Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Terence Flynn of Lazard Capital. Your line is open. 

<Q - Terence Flynn>: Hi, thanks for taking the question. Sorry to circle back to this again, but just on C208, have you 
guys looked at the eRVR rates in the four arms in that study, and can you give us any details on the eRVR rates? 

<A - Matthew Emmens>: Yes, it's a good question. As you know, when you look at the people who are undetectable 
at week four and undetectable at week 12 in our Phase II data, there's a 95, 96% correlation to SVR, so I understand 
your question. We have looked at that analysis and the good news is that there is no meaningful difference in the 
patients who achieve eRVR in the study. So that gives us extra confidence that there's unlikely to be a difference in the 
SVR rates once the finished studies. 

<Q - Terence Flynn>: No meaningful difference between the BID and TID regimens on both PEGASYS and 
PEGINTRON? 

<A - Matthew Emmens>: Correct. 

<Q - Terence Flynn>: Okay, thanks. And then just a question. I know in the press release it said you had submitted the 
PROVE 3 data to the FDA. I was wondering if you guys have an end of Phase II meeting scheduled with them at all to 
discuss that data or if you're just going to submit it just for completeness sake. 

<A - Freda Lewis-Hall>: Yes. So we submitted it for completeness sake, and wanted to be sure that they had a 
complete set of data that was available as it became available to us. 

<Q - Terence Flynn>: Okay. So then, I mean I know you guys have talked about meeting with the FDA to discuss that 
data and possibly an early filing with that data and study 107. Is that still in the works or is that completely off the table 
now and the second half 2010 filing is the focus? 

<A - Freda Lewis-Hall>: Yes. So there's certainly a lot of excitement around PROVE 3 and there's certainly a high 
unmet need in that population. We remain committed though to our strategy of a file in the second half of 2010, in a 


broad patient population with treatment naive and treatment failure patients, kind of meeting that broader unmet need, 
and we think that this really has a high probability of success. 

<Q - Terence Flynn>: Okay, thanks a lot. 

Operator 

And your next question comes from the line of Alan Carr with Needham. Your line is open. 

<Q - Alan Carr>: Hi, good afternoon everyone. Thanks for taking my question. A follow-up on 222 and 759; since the 
acquisition, I imagine you've had an opportunity maybe to look a little bit, at the data a bit more closely. I wondered if 
you happened to have learned anything since the acquisition and if it's changed your impression of either one of those 
compounds and if you have a preference for which one you might push forward in combination this fall. 

<A - Freda Lewis-Hall>: So we are actually treating our – my earlier comment about looking at an overall strategy in 
this space holds through with the polymerases as well. We've moved 222 forward into the next phase to develop what 
we think is important data in order to move forward to a STAT-C combination. We have a little more data on 759, so 
222 is really catching up in the short run. And we plan to use the data from, what we currently know about 759 and the 
data that we'll learn from 222, likely to move forward with the STAT-C combination in the not-distant-future. 

<A - Matthew Emmens>: Just want to add to what Freda said, if you're wondering how we're looking at 222 and 759 
because I understand where you're coming from, the question where we're really leaning. 

The way I would summarize the way to look at the whole field, and then where does 222 and 759 stack up. 759 is the 
most advanced one right now, and it has a profile at the same stage of development that's right there with best-in-class 
polymerase inhibitors – true full polymerase inhibitors. 

The interesting thing about 222 which we've talked about is it doesn't really act like a polymerase inhibitor. This is the 
only drug we've seen that has anti-viral activity and potency like that of which we've seen with telaprevir. It has a 
combinability profile and a cross-resistance profile which makes it very interesting as a combination drug. And the 
better your cross-resistance profile is together with that kind of anti-viral potency that's what really matters to help you 
shape a regimen where you might have a shot at getting rid of interferon and ribavirin. That's why we're really focused 
on accelerating 222 as our primary focus right now. The good news is we've also got 759 there which is if we need it a 
best-in-class true polymerase, but 222 is a very unique asset in the space and we're going to move that as quick as we 
can. 

<Q - Alan Carr>: Well, I'm not surprised you're still leaning towards 222. Would you do combination studies with 
both of these? Or do you think this fall you'll just pick whichever one wins out after you finish this extra three day trial 
with 222? 

<A - Matthew Emmens>: There's a couple ways to answer that. I think what we want to do is make sure 759 is ready 
to progress if we need it. So there might be things in CMC and other areas we would look to do as a company to have it 
prepared. But as the data stands right now, 222 has won out. It's got unprecedented anti-viral potency. It's got an 
unprecedented cross-resistance profile. It looks great from a safety perspective to combine with our drug and that's why 
we're going to move that as fast as we can. 

<Q - Alan Carr>: Okay. Great. Thanks very much. Appreciate the clarification. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Adam Cutler of Canaccord Adams. Your line is open. 

<Q - Adam Cutler>: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. Just to follow-up on that front you did just note that 222 
seems to have won out. What are the gating factors to starting a combo study of 222 and telaprevir? Is it this next three 


day study and doing a little bit more dose finding work? Is it generating a little bit more longer term perhaps 
pre-clinical toxicology data? Maybe you could just discuss that for a second. 

<A - Freda Lewis-Hall>: Yeah, so, we're going to use the data from the upcoming trial to help inform the design of a 
potential combination. And we also do have an opportunity to talk to some of the regulatory agencies who are really 
excited about this area. But also cautious because it's new space for all of us. So we're going to take the time while 
we're collecting data in the upcoming trial to further our understanding of what the regulatory environment is like and 
those two things should add together to get us moving forward. 

<Q - Adam Cutler>: Okay. And then as long as we're on the topic of potential combination studies, but a question on 
your cystic fibrosis program. At what point do you think you would look at doing a combination study of 770 and 809? 

<A - Freda Lewis-Hall>: So we've actually just initiated the Phase IIa trial of VX-809 and that would be some of the 
data that we would need along with the data that we already have on 770. And we'll be again, this is new space for 
everybody back to the combination. So our discussions will move forward with regulatory agencies in this space as 
well to define what we think is the safest possible way to move forward in a combination with two experimental drugs. 

<Q - Adam Cutler>: Okay, thanks a lot. 

<A - Freda Lewis-Hall>: A little more data and some talks to the regulators for both of those. 

<Q - Adam Cutler>: Got it. Thanks a lot. 

Operator 

And your next question comes from the line of Jason Zhang of BMO Capital. Your line is open. 

<Q - Jason Zhang>: Thanks. I want to make sure I heard you correct, Freda, that with regard to C208, you said that 
the data will not be necessarily used for clinical, I guess practice. I understand that because this is a small Phase II 
study but I thought the purpose of the trial was to inform you of future programs that you can run to really make BID a 
regimen that could be used in the clinical practice – I was wondering, you focused more on the purpose of the trial data 
to help you design future combination study. I want to make sure that you are still going to explore the opportunity to 
make a BID drug – BID telaprevir regimen that can be used in clinical settings. 

<A - Freda Lewis-Hall>: Yeah, Jason, thank you for the clarification. You're absolutely right. This form, this study 
helps inform future work on defining the BID drug and I think that where the confusion may have come in was what 
the relative importance of BID is and so one of the reasons that it's important is certainly to improve the profile for 
patients who would be treated in the three drug regimen with telaprevir but the other thing that is now also important is 
to look at the ability to combine it in a STAT-C combination. So it's both things but the study itself will inform how we 
would move BID forward. 

<Q - Jason Zhang>: And are you a little clearer now as to what studies you might do to get BID regimen that can be 
used in the practice? 

<A - Freda Lewis-Hall>: So we've not defined fully the study or the route to regulatory file as of yet but we're 
working on it and as soon as we can, we'll share. 

<Q - Jason Zhang>: Thanks. 

Operator 

And your last question comes from the line of Geoff Porges of Bernstein. Your line is open, sir. 

<Q - Geoffrey Porges>: Thanks very much for letting me ask a follow-up question. On the end point, Freda, for the 
VX-770 trials could you just give us a sense of how much FEV1 difference you're looking for in that six month end 


point – would the 10% that you saw at 14 and 28 days be sufficient to show statistical significance? 

<A - Freda Lewis-Hall>: The answer to that is there's still some space given that this is a new environment but 10% in 
a trial like this appears to be adequate and it's sized, the first study is sized to demonstrate that difference. 

<Q - Geoffrey Porges>: Okay, thanks very much. 

Operator 

And there are no questions in the queue at this time. 

Michael Partridge, Vice President, Investor Relations 

Okay, thanks everyone for joining us tonight and a number of us will be here in the office to answer any further 
questions that you have. Thanks again. 

Operator 

And this does conclude today's conference. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2009, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


