Q4 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Michael Partridge, Vice President Investor Relations 
• Matthew W. Emmens, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• Peter Mueller, Chief Scientific Officer and Executive Vice President, Drug Innovation and Realization 
• Nancy J. Wysenski, Chief Commercial Officer and Executive Vice President 
• Ian F. Smith, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President 
• Robert Kauffman 
Other Participants 

• Geoffrey Porges 
• Rachel McMinn 
• Geoff Meacham 
• Howard Liang 
• Mark Schoenebaum 
• Ted Tenthoff 
• Brian Abrahams 
• Phil Nadeau 
• Thomas Russo 
• Y. Katherine Xu 
• Liisa Bayko 
• Jason Kantor 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to Vertex Pharmaceuticals' Fourth Quarter Yearend 2010 Conference 
Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we'll conduct a question-and-answer session and 
instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call may be recorded. 

I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Michael Partridge. Sir, you may begin. 

Michael Partridge, Vice President Investor Relations 

Thank you. Good evening and welcome to Vertex's conference call. 2011 promises to be a landmark year for Vertex. 
This is made possible by successful execution across the business in 2010. Specifically, we achieved some very 
important milestones with telaprevir for the treatment of Hepatitis C. We completed and disclosed results from three 
Phase 3 results with telaprevir. We completed the NDA submission in November, and we now know that the file has 
been accepted by the FDA and granted priority review. We have essentially hired all of our entire sales force for 
telaprevir and sales training has begun. 

Also in hepatitis C, we initiated a study that will enable us to evaluate SVR or viral cure rates in novel 12 and 24 
response guided quad regimens of VX-222 and telaprevir with pegylated-interferon ribavirin. Our aim in hepatitis C is 


to continue to lead in the development of potentially game-changing regimens. In cystic fibrosis we enrolled and 
treated patients in three clinical trials that are part of our Phase 3 registration program for our lead medicine in 
development for CF VX-770. We look forward to receiving the first Phase 3 results this quarter. We also advanced key 
Phase 2 programs in epilepsy and rheumatoid arthritis, demonstrating the depth of our pipeline. We maintained our 
financial strength in 2010. We raised $400 million in convertible notes in September, giving us a strong balance sheet 
as we begin 2011 that we expect will carry us through to cash flow positive. 

With me today are Matt Emmens, who will kick off the call with an overview of our business focus for 2011, Dr. Peter 
Mueller who will review our clinical and regulatory progress principally focused on hepatitis C and cystic fibrosis, 
Nancy Wysenski who will provide an update on our launch preparations for telaprevir, and Ian Smith who will 
comment on our 2010 financial results and 2011 financial priorities with our projected time line to positive cash flow 
and earnings. After that, we will be joined by Dr. Bob Kauffman, and we will be happy to take your questions at that 
time. We will ask you to please limit your questions to one with a related follow-up. Once the call concludes our IR 
team joined by Peter, Nancy and Ian will be in the office to answer any additional questions. 

Finally, let me note that information discussed on this conference call includes forward-looking statements, which are 
subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in detail in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission, including our 10-K. GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures will be discussed on this call. Information 
regarding our use of non-GAAP financial measures, and a reconciliation of those measures to GAAP, is available in 
our 2010 yearend financial press release, which is on our website. All 2009 and 2010 expenses discussed in this call 
exclude stock-based compensation, executive transition expenses, restructuring expense, acquisition related expenses, 
intangible asset impairment charges and effects, loss from exchanges of convertible debt and expenses related to 
September 2009 financial transactions. 

Thank you. And I will now turn the call over to Matt. 

Matthew W. Emmens, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Michael. 2010 was an extraordinary year. In fact, a defining year for Vertex, and it was marked by 
significant milestones in hepatitis C and important advances in our pipeline. As we look ahead we expect 2011 to be a 
year when we become a company capable of discovering, developing and most importantly launching our own new 
medicines. I don't know of any other company in the sector that has the potential to not only execute one of the most 
successful launches in hepatitis C, and maybe one of the more important launches for our industry, but also has the 
potential for an NDA submission in the second half of the year for yet another medicine in development for a major 
orphan disease and that is cystic fibrosis. 

Obviously our success is initially dependent upon the approval of telaprevir. We are focused on the launch and have a 
solid understanding of the benefit risk profile of this potential new medicine. We know there is strong anticipation and 
demand for telaprevir from people living with hepatitis C and the healthcare providers who treat them. We also believe 
that the value of telaprevir-based therapy is becoming broadly appreciated in the medical community. We believe that 
innovative game-changing therapies that make a major impact in treating serious disease offer high value for patients, 
payers and companies like ours. 

Today, people with hepatitis C are at increased risk of liver failure, liver cancer and death. If new therapies reduce the 
burden of progressive liver disease that could save lives and save money, they could save lives and save money -excuse 
me. At Vertex we only seek cures or significant improvement to the lives of people with serious diseases. This 
is part of what makes Vertex unique. From a launch and execution standpoint, I just returned from our first national 
training meeting last week. and I've got to say, I'm very encouraged with the caliber of commercial talent that we've 
assembled and how prepared we are for telaprevir's planned launch in mid-2011. 

We're focused on telaprevir's launch in the near term, but we also think we have the opportunity for sustained 
leadership in the hepatitis C market for the long-term. Patent life is very important in this context, and we have an 
issued patent on telaprevir. It's a composition of matter patent and it goes out to 2025. You will also hear later in this 


call from Nancy about how we are working to expand telaprevir's profile beyond this first phase of launch. 

We believe we are well positioned to execute on our broad business plan. 2011 will see significant news flow all across 
our pipeline. VX-770 in Phase III for cystic fibrosis and other Phase II programs under way in epilepsy and rheumatoid 
arthritis could build upon the potential revenue base of telaprevir and provide substantial growth opportunities in other 
serious diseases. 

Obviously, we are preparing for a very promising future. We are pleased with what we have accomplished in 2010 and 
are excited about the opportunities that lie ahead in 2011 that can transition and grow Vertex as a company. As I said at 
the recent JPMorgan conference last month, Vertex is about the science of possibility. We enter 2011 with the fervor 
and excitement that comes with a potential to launch a breakthrough medicine, and we remain committed to making 
new breakthroughs. 

Thank you. And I'd like to turn it over now to Peter. 

Peter Mueller, Chief Scientific Officer and Executive Vice President, Drug 
Innovation and Realization 

Thank you, Matt, and good evening, everyone. In 2010, we reached very important goals. These are successful 
completion of Phase III development for telaprevir, the NDA submission in the U.S., and equivalent submissions in 
Canada by Vertex and in the EU by our collaborator Tibotec. 

Telaprevir showed substantial efficacy and safety data in all three Phase III trials. This is the culmination of more than 
15 years of research and clinical studies to evaluate the potential of telaprevir based therapy in more than 2,500 patients 
to improve the treatment of hepatitis C. 

Scientific excellence is the foundation of Vertex, and today I am pleased to review with you areas where we are 
delivering on the possibilities in our pipeline. I will start with a review of the important events over the past few weeks. 
In January, we announced that the FDA had filed the NDA for telaprevir and granted us priority review. Based on the 
timing of this acceptance, we have a PDUFA date of May 23rd, 2011. At the same time, we announced that the new 
drug submission to Health Canada was granted priority review in this region. 

On the collaborator front, in the EU, Tibotec was notified by the EMA that the telaprevir MIA was valid and accepted 
for review on an accelerated basis. In Japan, Mitsubishi Tanabe Pharma announced last week that they had submitted 
an application with the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare for approval of telaprevir. 

These are all tremendous achievements. They are not only a testament to the dedication of everyone involved in the 
development of telaprevir, but also a testament to the strong data we have generated for telaprevir both in treatment 
naive patients and treatment experienced patients. Finally, as the commercial team prepares for the planned launch and 
sale of telaprevir simultaneously with the CMC and supply chain aspect, we are ready to meet what we anticipate will 
be significant demand. 

Turning now to VX-770, our lead program in cystic fibrosis. All patients in the STRIVE trial, which is the primary 
registration trial evaluating patients age 12 and older have completed 48 weeks of therapy. We expect to announce the 
STRIVE data this quarter. The VX-770 registration program consists of three trials, which support a clear regulatory 
pathway. 

VX-770 is an orphan drug that is targeting the underlying defective protein in CF. We don't see any other drug 
candidate at this stage of development today with the potential to change the course of this disease, which is what we 
hope to do with VX-770. If data from our Phase III trials are successful, we plan to submit an NDA in the U.S. and an 
MIA in Europe in the second half of this year. 

Let me remind you of the outcomes we are evaluating in VX-770's STRIVE trial. The primary efficacy end point is the 
absolute change from baseline in percent predicted FEV1 through week 24, compared with placebo. The trial was 


designed to detect a mean 4.5% absolute change in percent predicted FEV1 from baseline versus placebo at 24 weeks. 
Secondary end points include CFQR a health related quality of live survey, sweat chloride, hospitalizations and time to 
first partner reactivation and weight gain. We estimate today that at least 4% of people with CF who have 
G551D-CFTR mutation could benefit from VX-770 monotherapy. 

We have also in vitro data suggesting that VX-770 can help to restore CFTR function in other mutations. Our goal is to 
determine which of these additional mutations are clinically relevant for VX-770, and we are consulting as we speak 
with regulatory agencies about how best to do this. 

I just reviewed with you our near-term priorities, telaprevir in hepatitis C and VX-770 in cystic fibrosis. But we are also 
working to further improve hepatitis C therapy with regimens that may achieve even higher molecules and shorter 
durations of treatment. One example is the Phase 2 trial evaluating the combination of VX-222, our polymerase 
inhibitor, with telaprevir, pegylated-interferon and ribavirin. This trial includes two quad regimens that are 
response-guided toward 12- or 24-week durations. These studies are progressing well, and all patients will be through 
the 12-week on-treatment time point this month. 

We expect to get a better idea of the potential of this regimen when the first on-treatment data became – will become 
available this quarter. In addition, we are getting up and running for the triple interferon sparing regiment, and that is 
telaprevir, VX-222 and ribavirin in a 12- and 24-week response-guided regimen. We expect to initiate enrollment by 
end of this quarter. We look forward to the first SVR results from the quarter arms of this study and also on treatment 
data from the triple therapy arm that will inform us of our next steps in advancing this hepatitis C treatment paradigm. 

In summary, we see other possibilities with our Phase 2 pipeline programs. Our Phase 2 studies in epilepsy and 
rheumatoid arthritis are advancing, and we expect to have data from both of these trials this year, with the first data 
coming from our Phase 2 trial of VX-765 in epilepsy this quarter. As a caspase-1 inhibitor, VX-765 inhibits the 
production of IL-1 beta, a major driver of inflammatory responses. 60 patients, who have had a history of being 
resistant to current therapy, were enrolled in the trial. 

The trial has three phases – a six-week baseline period to monitor seizure frequency, a six-week treatment phase with 
VX-765, and a six-week post-treatment follow-up washout phase. Patients have completed the treatment phase and are 
currently in the post-treatment period, which may allow us to better evaluate the effect of VX-765 on seizures. 

We are also making good progress in advancing the proof-of-concept study of VX-509, our JAK3 inhibitor in 
rheumatoid arthritis. We expect clinical data including safety and ACR and TAS scores from this trial in the third 
quarter of 2011. 

Before closing, I would like to thank all the Vertex employees who have worked tirelessly to bring us to where we are 
today. And a special thank you to the patients, patient advocates and investigators, who continue to show their support 
for telaprevir in hepatitis C and VX-770 in cystic fibrosis and who remind us all of the reason why we focus our 
research and development efforts on serious diseases where new medicines are urgently needed. 

Now, I will turn the call over to Nancy. 

Nancy J. Wysenski, Chief Commercial Officer and Executive Vice President 

Thank you, Peter. This is a very active and exciting time at Vertex. I'm pleased with the progress that's been achieved 
to-date in building our U.S. commercial organization. We're well prepared to effectively execute the launch of 
telaprevir following its approval in the U.S. We're looking forward to educating the community on the potential 
benefits that telaprevir could bring to thousands of patients with hepatitis C. 

Let me pull back the curtain on some of the progress we're making toward our tactical and strategic plans as we head 
closer to the potential launch of telaprevir. The hiring of the field sales force is essentially complete. This is an 
exceptional group and on average the team has 14 years of pharmaceutical industry experience, with eight years 
specifically focused on hepatitis or other viral diseases, and they're ready. 


In fact, we just completed our first national training meeting. We're also bringing together knowledge and expertise 
from different groups within the organization, who will work in a coordinated fashion to help address the specific needs 
of people with hepatitis C, as well as the physicians, nurse practitioners and physician's assistants who treat them. 

Key thought leaders have provided tremendous feedback to us that we'll take into launch to address these needs. We 
intend to provide specific resources to help diagnose and treat people with hepatitis C, and bring them to the successful 
outcome that patients, providers and payers all want. On the payer front, we're continuing discussions as appropriate to 
understand how they look at hepatitis C, their current cost of treating a patient with hepatitis C, and the value of 
increasing the probability of an SVR or viral cure. 

The conclusions we are making are consistent with our market research that confirm our belief that drugs that provide a 
cure for a significant and urgent need could offer tremendous value to the healthcare system. Over the coming weeks, 
we intend to launch a website to improve disease awareness by offering education to patients and physicians and also 
through a nurse support help line. 

My comments to this point addressed our near term readiness toward and through the first phase of launch, but we're 
also equally excited about even better ways to improve treatment for the people who are living with hepatitis C. 

Let me briefly review what these strategies are. Our optimized Phase 3b trial is designed to evaluate BID dosing of 
telaprevir. This trial will further explore trends identified in a Phase 2 clinical trial that have suggested that telaprevir 
based therapy, given twice a day, may have response rates similar to the current dosing regimen of three times a day. 
Success with this trial could result in a BID label that provides a less complicated dosing regimen for patients. We 
expect data from this trial as early as 2012. 

Additionally, I'd like to revisit our Phase 2 hepatitis C, HIV co-infection study. Interim data from the study have been 
accepted for presentation at a medical conference in Boston later this month. People who are co-infected with hepatitis 
C and HIV represent a patient population with a very high unmet need. Those who are co-infected and treated with 
current therapy generally achieve SVR rates of less than 30%. 

We're also pleased that we'll be studying the potential for further shortening therapy to as short as 12 weeks for people 
identified with pretreatment markers. This study is in addition to our ongoing study of combinations using VX-222 and 
telaprevir. In addition, plans are under way to initiate studies in other difficult to treat populations. These include pre 
and post transplants and also patients with more advanced liver disease. So as you can hear, if telaprevir is approved we 
intend to create and sustain a brand leader. 

Thank you for your time. And I'll now turn the call over to Ian. 

Ian F. Smith, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President 

Thanks, Nancy, and good evening to everyone. We entered 2011 with a cash position of more than $1 billion which we 
believe will support the company through cash flow positive. We aim to be cash flow positive and earnings positive in 
2012. As we move through the early stages of the telaprevir launch, we remain committed to achieving an EPS and a 
cash flow positive position. 

On tonight's call, since we are not yet supported by sustainable revenues, I'm going to report on the GAAP loss and 
non-GAAP loss for 2010 and then direct the last part of my remarks on how we're managing financially through 2011 
to set a direction for 2012. First, for our year end financial results. Our GAAP net loss in 2010 was approximately $755 
million. This compares to a 2009 GAAP net loss of approximately $642 million. The primary line items within our 
income statement can be found in the year-end press release that we issued today. 

When comparing the loss on a non-GAAP basis, our loss increased to approximately $606 million in 2010, from 
approximately $508 million in 2009. The change was principally attributable to an increase in total operating expenses 
and specifically more in the development to commercial areas to support the advancement of telaprevir towards launch. 


Now turning to the guidance for 2011, I think you would agree it is not prudent for us at this time with the pending 
approval and launch of telaprevir to provide revenue or bottom line guidance for 2011. However, what we can give you 
is some insight into how we think operationally this year and in the future, and that should help you model our 
operating expenses for 2011 and provide some insight for the future years. 

In 2011, we expect total operating expense to increase compared to 2010, with the increase primarily attributable to 
commercial investments as we execute on the launch of telaprevir. We anticipate that 2011 total operating expenses 
consisting of R&D and SG&A expenses will be in the range of 890 to $930 million, excluding cost of revenues and 
approximately $105 million of stock-based compensation. This compares to $734 million for 2010, which excluded 
$91 million of stock-based compensation. 

Firstly, to the R&D. We anticipate the R&D investment will be similar to 2010 with both the, R and D, components 
relatively consistent to prior years. We expect D to be principally focused on our programs in hepatitis C and cystic 
fibrosis, which in 2011 includes, in hepatitis C, the trials we conducted aimed at enhancing telaprevir's profile 
including the combination trial of VX-222 and telaprevir and a further novel study evaluating certain 12-week regimens 
and medical fair support. In cystic fibrosis, we expect to complete the Phase 3 registration program for VX-770 and 
advance our trial of VX-770 and VX-809 to understand the value of the combination of the CFTR modulators may 
have in addressing their F508 Delta Mutation. 

On the commercial side of our business, we'll support the planned launch of telaprevir including key awareness and 
promotional campaigns, field force completion as Nancy previously described and training. We'll also incur some costs 
associated with the initial preparation for a potential launch of VX-770 in 2012. I'd also like to point out to you as you 
model 2011 in future years that we estimate our total NOLs, that is net operating losses, at the time of telaprevir's 
launch will be more than $3 billion. As we move forward towards earnings and cash flow positive, these NOLs will be 
utilized against operating profits and should help increase our initial earnings and cash flow capabilities. 

From a cost of goods standpoint, in the first year following the launch of telaprevir, cost of goods will primarily be 
royalties that when combined will be less than 10%. Through 2010, we've expensed the cost of our commercial drug 
supply and as a consequence we expect there will be minimal impact on our gross margin in the early launch period 
attributable to the cost of product. Additionally, as we look to 2012, telaprevir may provide significant revenues which 
could enable earnings and cash flow creation and support a steady state pipeline investment for future growth and 
product creation. 

In closing, I want to join the team in recognizing the great effort that has gone into Vertex's achievement today. As well 
as your support to enable the company to be in this position today. I'm looking forward to transitioning my future 
remarks with a greater focus on revenues, earnings and cash flows. 

Thank you, Michael, and back to you. 

Michael Partridge, Vice President Investor Relations 

Thank you. We would now like to open up the call to questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] First question comes from Geoff Porges from Sanford Bernstein. 

<Q - Geoffrey Porges>: Thanks very much for taking the questions. And hopefully we'll be talking about revenue 
shortly. Ian, just a couple of follow-ups on your remarks on the profitability outlook. I think you said at the very end 
there, steady-state R&D investment in 2012. Should we infer from that steady-state in terms of continuation of the 
absolute spending that we're seeing in 2010 and 2011? And then just a question on -- it was very useful to get your 


comments on gross margin or cost of goods sold near term but once you're through expensing -- once you're through 
the inventory that's already been accumulated, what do you think is a reasonable range for long-term gross margin for a 
product like telaprevir? And just a sort of ballpark should we assume it's in the 10% to 15% range with royalties and 
everything associated with it? 

<A - Ian F. Smith, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President>: Hi, Geoff. Thanks for the question. I 
heard a couple of questions in there... 

<Q - Geoffrey Porges>: But they're related. They're related. 

<A - Ian F. Smith, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President>: Absolutely. So let me see if I can 
answer both questions which I heard you ask a comment about R&D and steady-state. 

<Q - Geoffrey Porges>: Yes. 

<A - Ian F. Smith, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President>: And also gross margin. So let me take 
them in turn. So firstly, with the R&D, what I was hoping we could convey with our remarks tonight is an 
understanding of how the R&D investment for the company has moved from 2010 to 2011 by actually stating the major 
investments in R&D. 

So when I mentioned the combination trial, a further novel study evaluating 12-week regimens, also medical affairs 
support, and then going to the CF which is completion of the registration program plus the combination trials, plus we 
have the remaining parts of the JAK inhibitor proof-of-concept study. Now, the reason why I give you that detail is 
because you can now make your own estimate of whether there is success because we will only incur further costs if 
programs progress into 2012. 

So to ask me what is a steady state R&D investment for the company, at this point, I mean, I would answer honestly by 
saying I hope so because that means, for example, a JAK3 inhibitor may be in Phase 3 or a Phase 2b significant study. 
It may mean that in 2012 we're in a Phase 2b, Phase 3 study for quad therapy. So, to me, I've tried to give you the 
components of our R&D investment, which then allows you to then think about 2012. 

And if you want to grant us success in the studies that we continue to invest, I would hope that you would also grant the 
probability of that turning into revenue. So that's what we're trying to do. The items that actually moved the needle for 
R&D are significant studies that are in the Phase 2b, Phase 3 stage. So think about it in that way. 

As far as the gross margin is concerned, I mentioned that in 2011 and through early launch the gross margin should 
remain below 10%, and that's because the product cost has been expensed as we've been manufacturing it. 

As we look into the future, as we move through that period, I think, you can expect a normal – more normal industry 
operating margin, maybe one that's on the higher end of the margins, because we do expect that we'll be dealing with a 
premium value product here. Yet still it's a small molecule cost of goods. And so when you calculate margins with a 
numerator that's smaller but a high denominator, it helps you with a higher gross margin. So that's the way to think 
about the margin in the future. 

<Q - Geoffrey Porges>: Thanks very much, Ian. Appreciate it. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Rachel McMinn, Bank of America-Merrill Lynch. 

<Q - Rachel McMinn>: Yeah. Thanks. And I also have a financial question. Ian, is it possible to give a little bit more 
granularity on SG&A? I guess where I'm going here is it looks like a pretty big number and you have a big launch in 
the middle of the year. So should we be expecting more of this to be weighted in the back half of the year? And then 
are there kind of one-time launch expenses that wouldn't be repeated in 2012 or is that just whatever we exit on the 
fourth quarter, that should be the run rate into 2012? Thanks. 


<A - Ian F. Smith, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President>: Hi, Rachel, and thanks for the question. 
Again, I'm going to start with a principle that I was trying to explain to Geoff. So the SG&A expense could go higher – 
I'll start there – in 2012, but it would only be upon success. So, for example, if we are able to file our NDA with cystic 
fibrosis product and be launching in both the U.S. and Europe, there would be launch costs and commercial costs 
associated with that launch. So that would add to the base we've created in HCV. As far as the base for HCV, we're 
pretty much there. And Nancy talked about essentially – we're essentially complete in the commercial area. So the cost 
that you see us carry in 2011 for HCV is actually a fairly steady state cost. 

And a way to think about this is, we have just over 150 people or more in our commercial area. And so I did take a 
quick look at your models before I came on the call, and I would just ask you to take a closer look at the SG&A cost. 
But it's mainly driven by commercial and think about 150-plus people, and an average carrying cost for those people, 
and in this industry that could be anywhere between $150,000 and $200,000 per person. So you should be able to take a 
look at your models and you may find that the difference in your total op expense and the one we guided to tonight, is 
mainly in the commercial area. 

<Q - Rachel McMinn>: Okay. But just again to clarify, is it more back end weighted to the back half of 2011 or...? 

<A - Ian F. Smith, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President>: No, it's... 

<Q - Rachel McMinn>: ...its steady state? 

<A - Ian F. Smith, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President>: It grows slightly. But we're – as I said, I 
started with, we're essentially complete. 

<Q - Rachel McMinn>: Okay. 

<A - Ian F. Smith, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President>: Some of those programs are already 
being expensed because they're kind of amortized through a period of time that we have the contract to execute the 
program. 

<Q - Rachel McMinn>: Perfect. Thank you so much. 

<A - Ian F. Smith, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President>: Yeah. 

Operator 

Thank you. And our next question comes from Geoff Meacham from JPMorgan. 

<Q - Geoff Meacham>: ....taking the question. Just on 770, maybe a bigger picture, what can you guys learn from the 
denufosol results, and are your assumptions for FEV1, are they similar between STRIVE and ENVISION? And I have 
a related question. 

<A - Robert Kauffman>: So this is Bob Kauffman. In terms of denufosol, it's a very different mechanism. I'm not sure 
it's really comparable in any way to 770 so I really wouldn't make any correlations. If you recognize their treatment 
effect was really quite small in the big picture of things, and so I just think it's a drug with not a great amount of 
activity in the end. 

In terms of the two trials, yes, I mean, we – the STRIVE trial is fully powered for an FEV1 end point, and we expect to 
see a statistically significant difference between 770 and placebo on the order of 4.5% which is what the study is 
powered for, absolute difference, change from baseline in FEV1. 

In the other trial, the sample size is quite a bit smaller. That's the trial of 6 to 11-year-olds, and therefore we do expect 
to see a similar treatment effect, although that trial is also designed really as a safety complement in younger children. 
But we do expect to see a treatment effect which would complement that of the STRIVE trial. And I would just say 
that, given the small size of the study, achieving statistical significance in that trial may not be achievable, but we 
would be looking to see a treatment effect which is similar to that in the older children and adults. 


<A - Peter Mueller, Chief Scientific Officer and Executive Vice President, Drug Innovation and Realization>: On 
top of that, Geoff, this is anticipated by the regulatory agencies. So there is an understanding that trends in the 
ENVISION trial is basically an acceptable outcome. So it's not like it was in the denufosol thing. And the other thing is 
what we learned from unfortunately this outcome is, a little bit how placebo behaves, and I think that speaks in our 
favor. Because it's not so that basically placebo goes up and up and up. You see a normal behavior like you see in other 
drug regimens and that's, I think, good outcome because there was obviously other question. Does placebo eat away 
your benefit and the answer is no. I think that's what you can learn from that trial too. So I think we are confident from 
the powering point of view that STRIVE will have at least a powering of 4.5% absolute difference, and I think we will 
see the data soon. 

<A - Robert Kauffman>: And this is Bob again. Just one last point about denufosol. The patient population enrolled in 
that trial was quite a bit different than the one in the VX-770 trials. They were people with considerably better 
pulmonary function at baseline and therefore demonstrating an improvement over that is more difficult. So, again, it's 
not that easy to make correlations between the results in those studies... 

<A - Peter Mueller, Chief Scientific Officer and Executive Vice President, Drug Innovation and Realization>: 
They are very different. 

<A - Robert Kauffman>: ...what we expect with 770. 

<Q - Geoff Meacham>: Just as a follow-up to that, I think Peter you alluded to this but you have younger patients in 
ENVISION. Does that introduce more variability in FEV1 given that they have likely better lung function versus the 
adult population? 

<A - Robert Kauffman>: I would say the range of pulmonary functions that we're allowing at entry is very similar to 
the adults, so we're not necessarily expecting that. 

<A - Peter Mueller, Chief Scientific Officer and Executive Vice President, Drug Innovation and Realization>: 
Right. 

<Q - Geoff Meacham>: And then final question here. You didn't mention the 809 milestones, wondering if you can 
just talk about maybe what we could see over the course of this year. 

<A - Peter Mueller, Chief Scientific Officer and Executive Vice President, Drug Innovation and Realization>: So 
we have the combination trial that's ongoing, the 809, 770 combination trial, and we do expect some data from the first 
part of that trial later on this year. 

<Q - Geoff Meacham>: Okay. Thanks. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Howard Liang from Leerink Swann. 

<Q - Howard Liang>: Thank you very much. Two questions on the CF program. First is you powered a trial for 4.5% 
improvement in FEV1, and what do you think is the clinically significant and commercially competitive improvement 
in that parameter that supports premium pricing? 

<A - Robert Kauffman>: So the study was powered based on the outcome of the earlier 770 study, and we expect, 
obviously, that we will meet that in the Phase III trial. This is a unique product that has a unique mechanism of action, 
and we -- there's no other drug out there that really we think can do potentially what 770 can do. And so, obviously, we 
expect that we'll have a good outcome from the Phase III program. 

<A - Nancy J. Wysenski, Chief Commercial Officer and Executive Vice President>: And Howard, this is Nancy. 
Following on that, we expect that those results should command premium pricing if we see the results we're hoping for. 


<Q - Howard Liang>: Okay. And just a follow-up on the ENVISION trial. Do you expect an efficacy label for that 
population, 6 to 12 years old? 

<A - Robert Kauffman>: Clearly, that will depend a bit on what the results are, but yes, if all goes well we would 
expect to have the whole age range be part of the labeled indication, all the way from age 6 to adulthood. 

<A - Peter Mueller, Chief Scientific Officer and Executive Vice President, Drug Innovation and Realization>: At 
the first label. 

<A - Robert Kauffman>: Yes. 

<Q - Howard Liang>: Even in the absence of positive efficacy outcome. 

<A - Robert Kauffman>: I wouldn't say -- let me just make a point. It's not an absence of positive efficacy. In a 
situation where there is only a limited number of patients, the efficacy is measured by the magnitude of the treatment 
effect as much as it is by P value, and therefore, I would guide you not to be thinking about this trial in terms of P 
values. It really is more -- that effect of the drug is similar in that age range as it is in adults, and that's the basis on 
which it's going to be evaluated. 

<Q - Howard Liang>: Great. Thanks very much. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark Schoenebaum from ISI Group. 

<Q - Mark Schoenebaum>: Hey, guys. A question on 770 and then a related question on telaprevir. On 770, there has 
been a lot of people describing the Phase 2 data and what not. I just wanted to get your perspective. If you look at the 
New England Journal article and you dig around in the appendix, it looks to me like in the appendix they actually 
pulled a couple – the two phases of the earlier trial. And if you pull those data together, it actually looks to me like if 
I'm reading it right like it generates a statistically significant benefit on improvement in FEV1 from baseline. 

First question, just simply, am I reading that correctly, and do you have any thoughts on using that pooled data to try to 
handicap the outcome in the Phase – in the pivotal trial please? 

<A - Robert Kauffman>: So, yes, we agree with that assessment. And, yes, the advantage of pooling is you get a 
larger sample size, and it really allows you to make better inferences in terms of the statistical significance. So, yes, 
that's the value of it. Those are the data that were used to plan the Phase 3 program, and that's why we have confidence 
in the Phase 3 program. 

<Q - Mark Schoenebaum>: And then if I may, a question for Nancy. Nancy, the consensus table that your fantastic IR 
team has complied and sent out shows 17,000 patients being treated in 2011 according to the sell side mean consensus 
and 53,000 patients in 2012 – are you comfortable with those numbers? 

<A - Nancy J. Wysenski, Chief Commercial Officer and Executive Vice President>: I'm going to let Ian first speak 
on that topic, and then we can come back. 

<Q - Mark Schoenebaum>: Okay. Sounds good. 

<A - Ian F. Smith, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President>: So, Mark, as well as we know each 
other, you know we're not going to comment on... 

<Q - Mark Schoenebaum>: Yeah. I want to read how you answer it. 

<A - Ian F. Smith, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President>: We greatly appreciate the question, and 
I'm glad that you're acknowledging the wonderful work that our IR team has done in compiling the data. And we look 
forward to talking to you more. 


<Q - Mark Schoenebaum>: How about this then, and then I'll get off. Do you plan at this point on giving telaprevir 
sales guidance, once approved? 

<A - Ian F. Smith, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President>: I think you would see telaprevir sales 
guidance, as you go later into the launch, but not initially. No. 

<Q - Mark Schoenebaum>: Okay. Thanks. 

Operator 

Thank you. And our next question comes from Ted Tenthoff from Piper Jaffray. 

<Q - Ted Tenthoff>: Great. Thank you very much and looking forward to a very exciting first quarter and first half. 
Maybe just kind of backing up a little bit and thinking about the longer-term strategy in HCV. Some of the trends that 
really developed at AASLD this year, I think, got more attention were pangenotypic and really other than just U.S. and 
genotype-1. So how do you guys think about addressing other genotypes in HCV in combination going forward? 

<A - Peter Mueller, Chief Scientific Officer and Executive Vice President, Drug Innovation and Realization>: So 
it's Peter speaking, Ted. Thanks for the question. I think there is a couple of things that one has to sort of basically take 
in consideration. An overall HCV strategy has to be focused, number one, to improve current regimens as one thing. 
And that means we have to basically further improve hopefully to be approved telaprevir regimen. 

As we go forward, and that means we have to shorten the duration. We have to basically increase the cure rates to a 
level that is basically a really, really good level. Yeah, we will – so that's the first thing. And going with that, there's 
also convenience thing and a compliance point of view. So we go with a twice a day regimen, because at this given 
point in time most of the regimens that are out there and that you have seen in AASLD are still sort of requiring 
ribavirin or other components that are at least one of them is a twice a day. And that drives at the end of the day what 
your compliance picture is. 

So this is the first thing, and I think we are well advised, you know to basically focus on what we control first and do 
that right. And I think that's one of our key focus and you have heard all of those studies that we are going to do in 
other patient populations and all this and I think this is the beginning of something really big. 

Now in terms of your broader question, where is the field heading and what do we do and all those type of things. I 
think there is obviously for Vertex, you know, a couple of interesting questions to be answered. So the first that 
everybody wants to answer, is there a possibility to come with Interferon Sparing oral regimen to treat at one point in 
time patients, and I think nobody has an answer to that right now. And there are a lot of different compounds in the mix 
that people try out and people try it out in many different ways. 

You know, with looking into either different genotypes where you could do things or do other things. We are looking in 
the same type of bucket. However, I think what we have is a unique opportunity here because we have telaprevir 222 
and given our data that we have had in our let's say, 222 combination trial, I think there is quite a good level of 
confidence the dripper regimen including ribavirin has a potential for success. And so we'll see how that goes. 

Now, in terms of the other genotypes, yes, it is a strategy I would broaden out. It is a strategy that goes in 
sub-populations. And I think we have internally a lot of discussions, you know, what type of populations we want to 
address. And there are different ones. There is one for the response better like IL-28B sub-populations or other 
market-driven ones. 

There are different genotypes. There are different regions in the world, and as we speak, and I'll consider all of this, that 
means we look into compounds that have this and having said that, I know where you're coming from because people 
believe that nukes are the magic weapons that hit all the genotypes. Well, I must say, yeah, partly they do. 

However, there is a lot of other molecules out there that also do that. There is new PIs. There is new 5A molecules that 
basically have that, and we are talking to basically all of those companies that have those assets to mix and match and 


basically go with the strategy that matches Vertex's business the best. 

<Q - Ted Tenthoff>: Great. Well, it's going to be really exciting. 

<A - Peter Mueller, Chief Scientific Officer and Executive Vice President, Drug Innovation and Realization>: It 
will be. 

<A - Nancy J. Wysenski, Chief Commercial Officer and Executive Vice President>: Ted, this is Nancy. Let me just 
add... 

<Q - Ted Tenthoff>: Hey, Nancy. 

<A - Nancy J. Wysenski, Chief Commercial Officer and Executive Vice President>: I know I don't have to remind 
anyone that by any measures that one takes right now, the U.S. continues to be the largest market, and we're going to be 
addressing the largest potential market because of the major advance that telaprevir will offer over current therapies, 
assuming we're approved. And so I don't think we're trying to diminish what might come later but I think other people 
tend to put a lot of effort behind smaller details for a longer term plan which we're also looking at. But we don't want to 
lose our focus on the biggest market by improving the asset that we have in our hands right now and by combining it 
with other assets that we have. 

<Q - Ted Tenthoff>: Fair enough. It's a great position to be in. Thanks so much. 

<A - Peter Mueller, Chief Scientific Officer and Executive Vice President, Drug Innovation and Realization>: 
Yes, I think that too. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Brian Abrahams from Wells Fargo. 

<Q - Brian Abrahams>: Hi. Thanks very much for taking my question. Can you help frame for us how we should be 
thinking about the data we'll see this quarter for the 222 telaprevir four-drug treatment arms? What we should be 
looking for that you'll report? Are we going to see any off-treatment data from patients who may have been able to stop 
at week 12 if they were maybe enrolled a little bit earlier in the study just to get some sense of how durable the viral 
suppression is and what kind of relapse rates are you guys expecting in this? Thanks. 

<A - Ian F. Smith, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President>: So I'll take the disclosure question, as 
far as consistent with what we've been saying. In the first quarter we expect to provide some early-on treatment data 
from the combination study. As far as on treatment data or treatment data further on into the study that would come 
towards the end of the first quarter, consistent with the timing of the recruitment and the dosing of the patients. So you 
can imagine something a little earlier on treatment and something around the week-12 mark that may come later. 

<A - Robert Kauffman>: And then this is Bob, just to answer your question about relapse rates, obviously that will 
depend on patients going all the way through and stopping treatment to assess for SVR, and those data won't come until 
later on this year. 

<Q - Brian Abrahams>: Got it. And then, how do the results of the quad study potentially influence your business 
development strategy? Are you still – if the results look favorable, would you still plan to continue discussions to 
potentially mix and match telaprevir with other agents, or would you primarily be focused on the 222 telaprevir 
combo? 

<A - Peter Mueller, Chief Scientific Officer and Executive Vice President, Drug Innovation and Realization>: 
So, Brian, I – this is Peter. We – as we have said, obviously, if the data come out favorably, and we have some 
confidence, we will obviously take the opportunity and move this regimen successfully over the finish line because it 
will set a new bar for everybody else, including for ourselves in-house. But that's really important because when you're 
bringing up SVR rates to a higher level potentially and when you shorten the duration, that sets basically the new talent. 


And we have the opportunity, nobody else has this. And therefore, we are moving this as fast as we can if it comes out 
successfully. 

Having said that, and that is also sort of what we explained beforehand, we are always very interested to improving the 
regimen further and, therefore, I am really reiterating to you and everybody that we are basically actively pursuing 
discussions with a lot of potential partners in many different ways, how to mix and match molecules that are available 
to strive for even better outcome in the future. 

So it will not take away the opportunity for anybody and the only, let's say, sort of roadblock at the end of the day is 
basically if molecules are not compatible with telaprevir or other molecules that might be in the regimen. We have to 
have something that is overall a combinable regimen and that is basically what drives sort of the selection. 

<A - Ian F. Smith, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President>: Brian, I'll just summarize and answer as 
well from how we think of it from a let's say a BD and a portfolio perspective, which is first of all the quad therapy 
tends to give every patient no longer than 24 weeks of therapy and potentially as short as 12. And that would be a major 
improvement to what we're already established. We're already getting data on that study, and if you think about it, at 
week 12 we will have safety information at the combination of telaprevir and VX-222. That will be very important 
information for us because if you can dose the two in combination, we can then consider additional molecules that you 
may just add on that causes an interferon free or even less pill burden combination. 

So we're in a period right now where very shortly we get a very good understanding of how we may be creating a 24 or 
maybe a 12-week regimen, but then also we're going to get some very important safety data on 222 and telaprevir 
combination that we may choose to add a further mechanism and go down interferon free route. So we're in a very 
strong position at this point as we consider the portfolio of compounds. 

<Q - Brian Abrahams>: Great. Thanks very much. That's very helpful. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Phil Nadeau from Cowen & Company. 

<Q - Phil Nadeau>: Good evening. Thanks for taking my question. Nancy, my question is for you. I was wondering if 
you could expand a little bit on your discussion about payers. It seems like payers are playing a very large part in the 
success of launches recently, and there's several examples where obstacles that's been put up by payers have actually 
tripped up launches. You're in a bit of a unique situation because you and Merck are going to launch simultaneously. 
So I'm wondering what your strategy is for dealing with payers? A little bit more specifically, kind of what tools do you 
have to make sure that they don't put up hurdles and there's a smooth adoption of telaprevir by payers? And how would 
you counteract Merck if they play kind of a silent pricing game by bundling boceprevir and peg in trial? 

<A - Nancy J. Wysenski, Chief Commercial Officer and Executive Vice President>: Yeah. That's a very – that's a 
great question, Phil, and as you know, payers continue to try and maintain their cost burden while delivering value to 
the patients that they support. I think first, and foremost, that applies for both products but in our case specifically for 
telaprevir is that this is a drug that will bring about a cure. I hear often times folks comparing telaprevir treatment to 
other therapies that are chronic treatments. So it's very different because you have a one-time course of therapy with 
telaprevir and the standard, and the majority of patients according to the data we've really built to-date will achieve a 
cure, and I think that that will tend to make payers look at this situation differently. 

The question about bundling comes up now and then, and if you were bundling with a market leader, that might be a 
great advantage. But last I saw, I don't think that Merck is going to be in a situation where their pegylated-interferon in 
the U.S., perhaps in other countries, but in the U.S. is going to offer them that pull into the marketplace and our sense is 
that payers are going to want to give physicians a choice and I don't – we'll have to wait and see, but I can't imagine 
that bundling would have a huge effect on that. There are also some legal and other pricing repercussions from 
bundling. It does affect best price offers to the government so that's something to think about. 


<Q - Phil Nadeau>: Yeah, and a follow-up to your first question about the payers and talking about telaprevir bringing 
about a cure. To play devil's advocate, if I was a payer I'd say you know that's great but chances are this person is not 
going to be on my health insurance when they run into problems. Maybe they're going to be on Medicare, they're going 
to be somewhere else. So you're asking me to pay today to save somebody else money in the future. How do you 
counter act that argument and kind of what figures can you bring to bear on that argument that seem convincing to the 
payers? 

<A - Nancy J. Wysenski, Chief Commercial Officer and Executive Vice President>: Seems like early looks at the 
health economics data suggest that treating earlier rather than later is going to be the way to go and the more and more 
data that comes out across this disease area, that's reinforced. What I was trying to say was that I don't think you can 
compare the treatment of hepatitis C with the treatment of hepatitis B or HIV because those therapies have to be used 
chronically, and therefore, in treating hepatitis C, payers are going to be looking at a one-time course of therapy that 
will then alleviate further costs downstream. 

<Q - Phil Nadeau>: Great. Thanks for taking my questions. 

Operator 

Thank you. And our next question comes from Tom Russo from Baird. 

<Q - Thomas Russo>: Good afternoon. Most of mine have been asked, but I was hoping to get an update on your work 
with government, with the CDC, regarding screening. And maybe your latest thinking on when an expected impact for 
that might be realistic or what your expectations are for that? 

<A - Nancy J. Wysenski, Chief Commercial Officer and Executive Vice President>: Yeah. Thanks, Tom. As you 
know, we are always closely monitoring initiatives from any type of private or public health entity. And certainly, the 
CDC is one of the most prominent. We are a strong supporter of their efforts to evaluate the effectiveness of age-based 
screening versus the approaches that have been used in the past, which don't seem to be quite as effective. 

As you know, they are currently running the best C trial, which will look at the – hopefully, the merits of age-based 
screening versus the risk-based methodology that had been recommended years ago. We think that's a great thing for 
them to be looking at, and we believe that the Institute of Medicine's report issued earlier this year suggested that that 
could be the way to go to really drive more of these patients into earlier treatment for their own benefit of a greater shot 
at a cure. 

<Q - Thomas Russo>: Okay. Thanks. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Yaron Werber from Citi. 

<A - Michael Partridge, Vice President Investor Relations>: Hello, Yaron? 

Operator 

Pardon me. Your line is open. If you have your phone on mute, can you unmute your phone, please? 

<A - Michael Partridge, Vice President Investor Relations>: I think maybe move on. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Katherine Xu from Wedbush Securities. 


<Q - Y. Katherine Xu>: Hello, can you hear me? 

<A - Michael Partridge, Vice President Investor Relations>: We can. 

<A - Robert Kauffman>: Hi, Katherine. We can. 

<Q - Y. Katherine Xu>: Okay. Hi. Thank you for taking my questions. Just wondering on the pricing of VX-770, so 
given that you only target 5% of the 70,000 patients and that's like 3,500 patients, that sort of put it into an ultra orphan 
kind of category but at the same time we have this 20,000 sort of price tag on the, at least antibiotics. And then given, 
let's say 4.5% absolute difference that you can improve, how should we think about pricing for VX-770? 

<A - Nancy J. Wysenski, Chief Commercial Officer and Executive Vice President>: You know, it's far too early, 
Katherine, for us to comment on pricing. But let me just remind you that at looking at 4% of 70,000 patients, that really 
qualifies as an ultra orphan indication. 

<A - Peter Mueller, Chief Scientific Officer and Executive Vice President, Drug Innovation and Realization>: So 
I would say, Katherine, and on top of that, outside of pricing, I think as we stated in our script, I think 770 has the 
potential to potentially also work in other mutations, and we have shown at least in vitro data in conferences that 
basically support that. Now, we are currently talking to agencies across the world, how we want to leverage that to 
basically broaden the patient population that could benefit from 770 as a monotherapy. 

And this will be our effort for the next ongoing couple months to sort of get clarity, and then we will operate 
accordingly and see what we can do. On the other hand, you should not forget that 770 is also in combination with 809, 
and this is also basically if that concept works, you know, a huge opportunity to broaden the use of 770 as we go 
forward. 

<Q - Y. Katherine Xu>: Right. And then supposedly when the combination targets 80% of the population, then the 
pricing should come down? 

<A - Ian F. Smith, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President>: Yes, we're not commenting on price at 
this point. Thanks, Katherine. 

<Q - Y. Katherine Xu>: That's fine. Thank you. 

<A - Michael Partridge, Vice President Investor Relations>: Operator, it's now 6 o'clock. I think we probably have 
time for two more questions. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Liisa Bayko from JMP Securities. 

<Q - Liisa Bayko>: Can I ask both questions? I actually have two questions. The first one is on reimbursement and the 
reimbursement process for telaprevir. Maybe Nancy can you talk to us about how long that process may take and so 
how long do you think there may be a little bit of a lag in patients being really able to get on therapy? 

<A - Nancy J. Wysenski, Chief Commercial Officer and Executive Vice President>: I don't think so. We are very 
encouraged, as we do our research. I think that typically managed care organizations will cut you some slack during the 
first few months, while they're gathering data to do their formulary reviews, and I can't imagine why this market would 
be any different. 

<Q - Liisa Bayko>: Okay. Great. That's helpful. And then a question for Ian. As you look out to profitability I know 
you sort of mentioned the 2012 timeframe. Could that include getting to that point by the end of this year, maybe in the 
fourth quarter for example? Or are we really looking at next year? 

<A - Ian F. Smith, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President>: So I actually don't want to be as specific 
on comments, well, as specific as that, Liisa. But what I am trying to convey is that we are committed to creating 


earnings and cash flow with the launch of telaprevir. We think it's very important. It's time for Vertex to be a profitable 
company and start to earn cash and create earnings. Rather than I don't want to pick the quarter so very specifically in 
the prepared remarks. We do believe that 2012 will be earnings and cash flow positive as a full year. And to pick 
whether it comes sooner, I don't want to at this point. It will be pending the launch. 

<Q - Liisa Bayko>: Okay. Fair enough and best of luck. We'll look forward to results from the STRIVE trial. 

<A - Ian F. Smith, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our final question comes from Jason Kantor from RBC Capital. 
<Q - Jason Kantor>: Great. Thanks for squeezing me in. On the STRIVE data, just a couple of clarifications. So when 


you said it's powered for a 4.5% difference, that is placebo adjustment. Wasn't that also based on the original trial size, 
and wasn't it a larger trial in the end? 
<A - Robert Kauffman>: Right. So the 4.5% is absolute change from baseline in FEV1. It's one way to measure it, 


and we chose that for a particular reason. But if you look at the results of the Phase 2 trial, the treatment effect was 
certainly well within that range. In fact, this is even well within the range of what we saw in that study. So we're 
actually quite confident in terms of the powering of the trial. 


<Q - Jason Kantor>: But I mean, wasn't it powered – the powering was determined on a smaller patient number, 
right? So it's now... 
<A - Robert Kauffman>: Yes. 


<Q - Jason Kantor>: It's got more power than before. 
<A - Robert Kauffman>: It was. Yeah. The trial over-enrolled, and so obviously that helps us quite a lot in terms of 
the powering. 


<A - Ian F. Smith, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President>: Right. 

<Q - Jason Kantor>: And then will you have data available this quarter from all of the secondary endpoints as well as 
the 24- and 48-week endpoints? 
<A - Robert Kauffman>: Not likely. Usually, we produce sort of the top line data initially. And then obviously there 


is many, many more analyses to be done, and that kind of rolls out over a period of time. 
<Q - Jason Kantor>: So what should we expect on this Q1 announcement? 
<A - Ian F. Smith, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President>: So in terms of the Q1 announcement, 


that will be from the 12 and older study plus the DISCOVER trial that was focused on the Delta 508 mutation. We'll 
provide top line data in terms of efficacy and primary endpoints and safety. 


<Q - Jason Kantor>: So just the 24-week data, not the 48-week data is what you're saying? 
<A - Ian F. Smith, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President>: No, it would be, it would be the full 
data, the data from the 48-week study. So it would be 48-week data. 


<Q - Jason Kantor>: Okay. 

Michael Partridge, Vice President Investor Relations 


Thanks, Jason. So we appreciate everybody dialing in tonight. I'm sorry if we did not get to everyone on the list. We 
will be here in our offices and available to take further questions this evening for the next several hours. So thanks, 
everyone, again. We look forward to talking to you soon. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes our program for today. You 
may all disconnect, and have a wonderful day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2011, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


