Q1 2011 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Michael Partridge 
• Peter Mueller 
• Nancy J. Wysenski 
• Ian F. Smith 
• Matthew W. Emmens 
• Robert Kauffman 
Other Participants 

• Geoffrey C. Porges 
• Brian Abrahams 
• Masha Chapman 
• Terence C. Flynn PhD 
• Yaron Werber 
• Howard Liang 
• Ted A. Tenthoff 
• Navin C. Jacob 
• Phil Nadeau 
• Tom J. Russo 
• Geoff C. Meacham 
• Liisa A. Bayko 
• David Friedman MD, MBA 
• Alan Carr PhD 
• Vernon T. Bernardino MBA 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated First Quarter 2011 Financial 
Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a 
question-and-answer session, and instructions on how to participate will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] 
And as a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded. 

Now, I would like to turn the conference over to your host, Michael Partridge. 

Michael Partridge 

Thank you. Good evening and welcome to Vertex's first quarter 2011 conference call. We are pleased to be able to 
review with you Vertex's achievements to date in 2011 and also highlight the further progress we anticipate in the 
months ahead. Since the start of this year, we've advanced our business significantly in the disease areas of hepatitis C 
and cystic fibrosis. 


Starting with hepatitis C, we intend to use the name INCIVEK as the trade name for telaprevir in the U.S. Last week, 
the Advisory Committee completed its review of INCIVEK, and we now look forward to potential approval within 
weeks. We are ready for approval and believe that INCIVEK will be important for people seeking an improved 
treatment option for this disease. 

In cystic fibrosis, we are concluding our Phase III program and have seen results that suggest we have the potential to 
provide a substantial benefit for certain people with this disease. We anticipate global regulatory submissions in U.S., 
Europe and Canada, including an NDA and an MAA in the second half of this year. 

We remain financially strong, with a cash position of more than $820 million at the end of the first quarter, sufficient to 
support the anticipated launch of INCIVEK and the advancement of our pipeline. 

With me on the call today are: Dr. Peter Mueller, who will provide a comment on the advisory committee for 
INCIVEK and also briefly review our pipeline progress; Nancy Wysenski, who will summarize our launch readiness 
for INCIVEK; Ian Smith, who will comment on our first quarter financial results; and Matt Emmens, who will 
comment on our business for 2011 and beyond. After the prepared remarks, we will be joined by Dr. Bob Kauffman, 
and we'll be happy to take your questions. 

I will remind you that we are between our Advisory Committee meeting and our PDUFA date for INCIVEK. This 
means that we cannot provide any comment on INCIVEK labeling discussions. We look forward to updating you on 
that in the very near future. Once the call concludes, our IR team, joined by Ian, will be in the office to answer any 
additional questions that you have. 

Finally, let me note that information discussed on this conference call includes forward-looking statements, which are 
subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in detail in our reports filed with the SEC, including our 10-K. 

GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures will be discussed on this call. Information regarding our use of non-GAAP 
financial measures and a reconciliation of those measures to GAAP is available on our first quarter 2011 financial 
results press release, which is now on our website. All 2010 and 2011 expenses discussed in this call exclude 
stock-based compensation. 

Thank you. And I will now turn the call over to Peter. 

Peter Mueller 

Thank you, Michael, and good evening, everyone. It is a real pleasure to start today's call. As Michael noted, we are 
coming just off a positive FDA Advisory Committee meeting. And we have prepared for this meeting for several 
months, and I think I speak for everyone at Vertex when I say that we are excited to finally be within a few steps of the 
finish line. 

The PDUFA date, which is the target date for the FDA to make a decision regarding approval, is May 23rd. We are 
now working closely with the FDA on the potential label for INCIVEK. As we progress in 2011, we continue to be 
focused on advancing the significant opportunities in our pipeline. In the coming months, we expect to report 48-week 
results from our Phase III ENVISION trial for VX-770 in children with cystic fibrosis. We also expect to announce 
data from our Phase II combination study of VX-809 and VX-770 in cystic fibrosis. 

In the second half of the year, we plan to submit the NDA and MAA for VX-770. We expect to report the first data 
from VX-509, our JAK3 Inhibitor in rheumatoid arthritis, and we also expect to initiate additional trials in hepatitis C, 
cystic fibrosis, and epilepsy. So as you can see, 2011 is a very busy year for us from a development and regulatory 
standpoint, and a number of important events are approaching. 

Let me focus now on hepatitis C first. With completion of the Advisory Committee meeting last week, we are in 
position for an FDA decision within the next few weeks. At the meeting, the committee members voted unanimously 
that the clinical benefits of INCIVEK outweigh the risk in a broad group of people with genotype 1 hepatitis C. 


An important aspect of the discussion with the FDA regarding our NDA submission and the meeting, was updated SVR 
rate of 79% in treatment naive patients upon which we and the FDA agreed. We believe that this high volume cure rate 
is both an important treatment modulator for patients and a high bar for future regimens. 

Also, at the meeting, the panel recommended that an educational program be put in place to manage the risks 
associated with regimens containing INCIVEK primarily focused on rash and anemia. We agree this will be important 
and I am pleased to say that our team has been working the past several months to develop educational tools. 

Also, I'd like to note that toward the end of the AdCom session, the panel strongly suggested that therapy including 
direct-acting antivirals should be considered the new standard of care. We appreciate that the FDA seeks advice from 
the AdCom, but it is not required to follow its recommendation. 

With respect to education and competition, we believe that the introduction of more than one new hepatitis C regimen 
will be a positive for patients and healthcare providers, as this increases the amount of disease awareness and 
educational information available. 

As for the process we have ongoing with the FDA, I will not make any further comments about the AdCom or 
regulatory path for INCIVEK. In the meantime, we continue to receive positive feedback regarding INCEVEK's 
clinical data. We look forward to the Digestive Disease Week Conference in Chicago, which kicks off at the end of this 
week. DDW is the largest meeting in the world for GI professionals, and we have 10 abstracts related to INCEVEK 
scheduled for presentation. 

In addition to finalizing the regulatory process for INCEVIK we are focused on the next evolution of hepatitis C 
treatment, including the potential to further shorten treatment duration for the entire regimen to 12 weeks, with similar 
high viral cure rates. 

One area we are exploring and a trial we expect to start in the third quarter is 12 weeks of INCIVEK in combination 
with pegylated-interferon and ribavirin for people who have a specific polymorphism known as CC near the IL28B 
gene. We presented data recently at the EASL [European Association for the Study of the Liver] conference that 
showed patients with that polymorphism were highly responsive to a triple regimen containing INCIVEK suggesting 
that 12 weeks of total treatment may be possible. 

We estimate that close to one-third of people who have not been treated for the hepatitis C have this marker. As you all 
know, another area where we are exploring 12 weeks of treatment is the combination of VX-222, our polymerase 
inhibitor with INCIVEK, pegylated-interferon and ribavirin. This Phase II combination trial includes two quad 
regimens that are response guided towards 12 or 24 week durations. As part of this Phase II combination study 
enrollment is under way for a triple interferon sparing regimen with INCIVEK, VX-222 and ribavirin. 

We look forward to the first post-treatment data from the quad arms of this study and on treatment data from the triple 
therapy arm in the second half of this year. These data will inform us of our next steps in advancing these potential 
hepatitis C treatment regimens. 

So let me now turn to three key highlights from our cystic fibrosis program. First, I want to highlight 770. In the first 
quarter, we announced that VX-770 showed profound improvement in lung function and other measures of disease 
across several age groups, including children as young as six in two separate pivotal trials. We are also very pleased 
with the safety profile shaping up for VX-770, specifically VX-770 was generally well tolerated with a lower rate of 
adverse events into VX-770 treatment groups compared to control. 

We think our pivotal data support a clear regulatory pathway for people with the G551D CFTR mutation, which 
represents approximately 4% of people with cystic fibrosis. We hope that with VX-770, we can provide the first 
treatment option that targets the underlying disease and not just the symptoms. VX-770 remains on track for an NDA 
submission in the U.S. and an MAA submission in Europe in the second half of the year, in people with G551D 
mutations. 

Our submissions will be focused on this specific mutation first and will include 48-week data from both the STRIVE 
trial in people aged 12 and older, and the ENVISION trial in people aged six to 11. We are also planning to include 


data from the Phase II DISCOVER trial evaluating the safety of VX-770 in people with the F508del mutation, the most 
common CFTR mutation. Our submission will also include two-year carcinogenesis studies. 

I want to take this time to be clear on our plans for use of VX-770 monotherapy in non-G551D mutations. We continue 
to conduct in vitro studies, evaluating the potential of VX-770 monotherapy to address people with other CFTR 
mutations that may have a similar modality to the G511D mutation. We expect to use this information to initiate either 
new clinical trials in people with non-G551D mutation, as well as further our discussions with regulatory agencies. 

Second, I will highlight an upcoming CF Medical Conference. Four abstracts have been accepted for presentation at the 
European Cystic Fibrosis Conference, June 8 to 11, including Phase III data from STRIVE and Phase II data from 
DISCOVER as well as data related to in vitro studies of VX-770. We have additional plans to present data for VX-770 
in other medical venues this year. 

Third, I will highlight our combination therapy work. The Phase III data from VX-770 in G551D patients validated our 
approach of targeting the CFTR, enabling us to initiate trials in other mutations. Specifically, with regard to efforts to 
expand the treatment of CF in people with the F508del mutation, we are conducting Part 1 of a Phase II combination 
study with VX-809 and VX 770. This combination study has an adaptive design and the decision to move forward into 
Part 2 will be driven by data. 

The primary endpoints of that study are safety and change in sweat chloride when VX-770 is combined with VX-809. 
Phase I design of the study was 14 days of VX-809 monotherapy followed by seven days of combination with VX-770. 
We will be looking to see whether VX-770 provides an additional response in sweat chloride compared to VX-809 
alone, which would be consistent with what we observed in our in vitro studies. We are on track to announce interim 
data this quarter. Depending on results from the study, we plan to start Part 2 in the second half of this year, that may 
involve investigation of other doses and longer durations of VX-770 and VX-809 combinations, as well as a larger 
number of patients with the F508del mutation. 

Another development for our CF program in the first quarter was the expansion of our existing collaboration with the 
Cystic Fibrosis Foundation to support development of a second corrector VX-661 and for accelerated discovery and 
development of next generation correctors. We believe it is very prudent to investigate multiple opportunities to treat a 
broad set of people with cystic fibrosis. By working with the CF Foundation, we not only have additional financial 
support, but also benefit from a network of caregivers, clinical sites, and patients. We expect to start a Phase II study 
with VX-661 in people with the F508del mutation by the end of this year. 

I have just highlighted our lead programs in Hepatitis C and Cystic Fibrosis. Behind these programs is a robust 
pipeline. In the first quarter we reported data from our Phase II trial of VX-765 in epilepsy, 60 patients who had a 
history of being resistant to current therapy were enrolled in the trial. People who do not respond to standard medicines 
for epilepsy are often severely debilitated by frequent seizures that limit their daily activities and independence. Results 
from the study were an important step forward towards understanding the potential role of VX-765 and helping people 
with severe epilepsy and we expect to start a larger and longer duration study in epilepsy as early as the fourth quarter 
of 2011. 

For VX-509, our JAK3 inhibitor, we have completed enrollment of approximately 200 patients in an ongoing Phase 2 
trial in rheumatoid arthritis. We expect to announce clinical data from this study, including safety, tolerability and 
clinical efficacy in the third quarter of this year. 

With that, I would like to end my remarks, but let me summarize. Following our Advisory Committee meeting, we are 
now working closely with the FDA on the potential label for INCIVEK. We are excited about our lead medicine 
VX-770 in cystic fibrosis. And operationally, we are preparing for the submission of the NDA and MAA in the second 
half of this year. 

We are evaluating opportunities to further advance treatment regimens of hepatitis C and cystic fibrosis, and are 
conducting or plan to conduct several trials in these disease areas as we go forward. At the same time, we remain 
committed to our strong research engine and expect additional candidates to emerge in one or more disease area later 
this year. 


Thank you very much, and I will now turn the call over to Nancy. 

Nancy J. Wysenski 

Thanks, Peter. I'd like to echo Peter's comments regarding the Advisory Committee meeting. I am equally as pleased 
with the unanimous vote supporting the safety and efficacy profile of INCIVEK. Our studies, we believe, showed a 
compelling profile for a regimen containing INCIVEK. Based on our market research, we believe the simplicity of this 
regimen, the high SVR rates regardless of race or ethnicity, stage of disease, and prior treatments, coupled with shorter 
duration for the majority of treatment-naive patients and a manageable safety profile will be appreciated by both 
patients and healthcare providers. 

We're looking forward to the planned launch of INCIVEK and executing on the marketing and commercial plans we 
have in place. Following approval, a major focus of our efforts will be on offering information to patients and 
healthcare providers to educate them on the potential benefits and risks of INCIVEK in combination with 
pegylated-interferon and ribavirin to ensure people with hepatitis C have the best possible chance for a viral cure. 

On the commercial front, we've been executing on four key priorities this year. Number one, hiring an experienced and 
talented group of people across the commercial organization who are focused on ensuring a robust launch. To-date, 
we've hired approximately 200 field-based employees, which include about 115 in field sales. 

Number two, training our field force, who will be key in educating providers and unlocking the substantial potential of 
INCIVEK in the hepatitis C community. 

Three, initiating and expanding our hepatitis C disease awareness campaigns to provide information to the general 
public. 

And, four, importantly, creating Vertex's first patient assistance program to help people with hepatitis C who might 
otherwise have a hard time getting INCIVEK because of financial constraints. I'm happy to tell you that this 
comprehensive program will enable us to help people in a number of ways, including providing reimbursement support 
and free medicine for qualified patients. I'll talk more about this program after approval. 

We've recently gone live with the disease awareness campaign, which includes a nurse hotline, radio ads, media, and 
print placements, as well as a website, www.bettertoknowC.com. Through this venue, we intend to increase awareness 
of hepatitis C and Vertex, and the community is responding. Since kicking off the campaign in March, we've already 
had more than 61,000 unique visits to our website, more than 2,200 calls into the nurse support line, and approximately 
1,600 views of our educational video on hepatitis C on YouTube. 

We're learning there is a real demand for information and further resources for people suffering from hepatitis C. Our 
ultimate goal is to provide specific resources to help diagnose and treat people with hepatitis C and help to bring them 
to the successful outcome that patients and their families, providers, and payers all want. 

We have an outstanding team in place and we're excited about INCIVEK and we look forward with great anticipation 
to the potential launch in the US. 

Now, turning to cystic fibrosis, we have begun the hiring of key commercial staff for VX-770, including a general 
manager for Europe. If approved, we're committed to launching VX-770 and potentially other medicines for cystic 
fibrosis on a worldwide basis. And we're establishing a global commercial infrastructure to support that approach. 

Cystic fibrosis is an orphan disorder, with approximately 70,000 patients in the US and Europe. There are more than 
2,000 people with the G551D mutation alone. This is a unique, highly concentrated commercial model that will enable 
us to meet the needs of providers and patients by building a focused marketing operation, with a sales team of 
approximately 40 people supporting the global use of VX-770. 

Thank you for your time, and I'll now turn the call over to Ian. 


Ian F. Smith 

Thanks, Nancy, and good evening to everyone. Once again, we ended the quarter in a strong financial position, with 
more than $820 million in cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities. This solid financial footing is where we 
hoped to be and support the planned launch of INCIVEK in the coming weeks, while maintaining our investment in 
other disease areas. 

It's a challenge to launch one major new medicine and we have the potential to launch two and advance the pipeline. 
This requires investment and we're in good financial position to support this required investment as we transition to a 
cash flow positive company. The business model we aspire to is tried and true, although somewhat rarely achieved. We 
focus on important drugs for serious diseases in specialty-driven markets. These drugs require significant investment, 
but they also offer the potential for high returns. The bottom line, we are committed to be a financial performer. 

With that backdrop, let me turn to the first quarter results. I'm going to cover the loss components of our financials on 
today's call. You may refer to our press release for the further details of our financial results. Specifically, our GAAP 
net loss in the first quarter of 2011 was approximately $176 million. This compares to the first quarter of 2010 loss of 
approximately $165 million. 

When comparing the first quarter 2011 non-GAAP loss to the first quarter of 2010, our increased loss was 
approximately $184 million from approximately $140 million. The change was principally attributable to costs to 
support the planned launch of INCIVEK, including SG&A costs. The main line actions within our income statements 
can be found in our first quarter press release. 

Before I conclude, we are reiterating our operating guidance expense – operating expense guidance we provided earlier 
this year. Specifically, we guided to 2011 total operating expenses, principally those of R&D and SG&A expense, but 
excluding cost of revenues and stock compensation. And we reiterate our guidance in the range of $890 million to $930 
million. 

In summary, we are committed to leveraging our business model to achieve positive operating cash flow and earnings 
with INCIVEK, while making the investments necessary for potential future successes in our current and future disease 
areas. 

Thank you. And Matt, over to you. 

Matthew W. Emmens 

Thanks, Ian, and good evening everyone. You've just heard from the team about our accomplishments since the 
beginning of the year, as well as our milestones for the remainder of this year. I hope you took away from their remarks 
a true understanding of the breadth of Vertex and the transformational potential our clinical programs may create for 
patients, the company, and our shareholders. 

Looking at the big picture, we are proud of the company that we are building and we believe we are positioned for 
long-term growth. We've spent more than $4 billion over the past 22 years to discover and test new medicines with the 
goal of developing breakthroughs that make a real difference for people with serious diseases 

As a result of the hard work of Vertex's scientists and clinicians, we now have two lead medicines, one in hepatitis C, 
and one in cystic fibrosis that have the potential to change the way these diseases treated. We believe we have 
established the foundation for a sustainable business that will continue to grow and enable us to discover and develop 
more breakthroughs. 

If I may, I would like to repeat a couple of statements from the panel members during the vote at the INCIVEK 
Advisory Committee Meeting held last week. One member said that INCIVEK was a huge advancement. And another 
said, I would like to congratulate the sponsor on a very well done and thoughtful presentation. Thank you as a 
hematologist for the elegance simplicity of the regimen and making the telaprevir dosage so short that if there are any 


adverse events they can be well managed. So even as we anticipate launch of INCIVEK in coming weeks, we're 
committed to helping people with hepatitis C and their healthcare providers over the long-term, and see opportunities to 
future advance our leadership. 

We are evaluating ways to expand INCIVEK's profile and broaden the potential benefits of this medicine, with the 
study of BID dosing, exploring additional subsets of patients, such as HIV and Hepatitis C co-infection, pre and post 
liver transplant, and perhaps shortening treatment duration even further, while maintaining high viral cure rates. 

Before I move on to CF, I would like to recognize and express my thanks to our entire R&D group, participated in or 
helped the team prepare for INCIVEK's Advisory Committee meeting. I would also like to thank all of the investigators 
and clinical staff and patients who participated in INCIVEK trials over the last seven years. Folks, we are almost there. 

I would like now to take a moment to comment on our cystic fibrosis program. The results of the Phase III registration 
program for VX-770 exceeded our expectations for people with CF and the G551D mutation. Cystic fibrosis can be 
devastating for people and their families, particularly when current therapies don't address the underlying causes of this 
disease. We believe that the profile we showed for VX-770 in Phase III for people with the G551D mutation has the 
potential if approved to make a profound impact in the care of patients living with this disease. 

We know we have more to do to further exploit our scientific leadership in investigating the underlying causes of this 
disease for the benefit of those with CF who do not have the G551D mutation. Important to that effort are trials that are 
underway or planned in the F508del mutation using a combination of our CFTR modulators. Almost 90% of children 
and adults have at least one copy of the F508del mutation. 

The recent signing of our new collaboration with the CF Foundation underscores our commitment to this orphan 
disease, and we, and the CF Foundation are more focused than ever on determining how we can help improve the lives 
of a greater number of people living with cystic fibrosis. 

Finally, we have other opportunities behind hepatitis C and cystic fibrosis to make a difference for patients and grow 
our company. Specifically, we have robust clinical programs ongoing for VX-765 in epilepsy and VX-509 in 
rheumatoid arthritis and we anticipate adding new medicines in new disease areas to our clinical pipeline later this year. 

I would also like to make one comment. I spent last night and several times over the last several weeks with our new 
field force and I can't tell you how excited and competent these people are. They are literally biting at the bit to get out 
there once our drug is approved. We have a clear goal of discovering, developing and launching break-through 
medicines. I continue to believe that this is the best way to enhance and grow our business. 

Thank you. And I will now turn the call back to Michael. 

Michael Partridge 

Thank you, Matt. For anyone who joined the call late, I'll just reiterate, we won't be able to comment on the label 
discussions we are having with the FDA. We are nevertheless happy to take your questions related to other aspects of 
the business. Thank you. And we will now open up the call to Q&A. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Our first question or comment comes from Geoffrey Porges of Bernstein. Your line is now 
open. 

<Q - Geoffrey C. Porges>: Thanks very much for taking the question. So focus on CF a little bit, Peter, first could you 
comment on whether your further analysis of STRIVE, DISCOVER and what you have for ENVISION, in that 
analysis, how strong is the correlation between sweat chloride change and FEV-1 and specifically have you been able 


to establish a threshold either percentage or millimole change in sweat chlorides that you've associated with predictive 
of lung function change? And then maybe if I could ask a question on CF after that? Could you start off with that? 

<A - Peter Mueller>: Hi Geoff, it's Peter speaking. Thanks for the question. So there are a whole bunch of questions in 
this entire thing. So, first, I think, what we can say is at this given point in time, we have at least a first insight that 
sweat chloride might be correlated with FEV. And I think that was the first trial ever that showed the potential 
correlation. 

Statistically significant, obviously, you cannot easily do this at this given point in time, and I think you have to have a 
deeper insight. I think we will evaluate, as we go forward, how we basically build a correlation between sweat chloride 
and other parameters to describe basically a functional benefit, whether it's lung functions or other functions that are 
impacted in that disease. I think it's a more complicated picture. 

So that's that point. But I think there is a trend that as sweat chloride goes down, you might have a possibility to see a 
therapeutic benefit. Numbers I cannot give because at this given point in time those are not basically existing. 

And I think you can speculate on whatever you want, because there's historical data that show that if you get – and you 
can look into those that they have published – if you get sort of to about a 10% lowering in sweat chloride, you might 
see a therapeutic benefit in different strengths depending on where you are with your disease. 

<Q - Geoffrey C. Porges>: Okay. And could I just follow up with that then? So it sounds as though there is a change 
in your tone on G551D and the likely label – the application and the label for VX-770 – it sounds as though the 
discussions with the agency have moved towards it being a G551D-only application and then a label. Is that a 
reasonable interpretation? And then, if so, what's your strategy for the other 48% who don't have G551D and don't have 
Delta F508? Thanks. 

<A - Peter Mueller>: So to that question, number one comment is there was no change in strategy or tone. I think it 
was always predominantly first 551, and that's what we have done. We are currently in negotiations with regulatory 
agencies in Europe as well as in the U.S. how we can basically move forward and expand the label into other 
populations that might benefit from a monotherapy of 770. But I think the safe bet is 551 is a good first shot. 

<A - Matthew W. Emmens>: Geoff, I'll just jump in on Peter's answer as well. One of the things that you may be 
hearing in the prepared remarks was us being clear on the data we expect to support the filing, which is the 48-week 
data from both STRIVE and ENVISION. I think that was something that we haven't been as clear on in the past, but we 
do anticipate that a 48-week study data will be required to support the filing and then also carcinogenicity studies 
which we want to be clear on. 

<Q - Geoffrey C. Porges>: Okay. Thanks very much. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Brian Abrahams of Wells Fargo Securities, and your line is open. 

<Q - Brian Abrahams>: Hi. Thanks very much for taking my question, and congratulations to the team on a great job 
with the panel. A question for Nancy on pricing. I recognize that you're not in a position to talk specifically about 
telaprevir pricing now. But I was wondering if you could maybe give us any general sense, perhaps, drawing off of the 
reimbursement dynamics that's been seen for peg-interferon and ribavirin as to how you would expect the actual price 
per patient to be net of discounts, patient assistant programs, etcetera, relative to what you set as the list price? 

<A - Nancy J. Wysenski>: Sure, Brian. Let me take a shot at that. As you know, depending upon the different channel 
that one is dealing with, be that commercial or different government payers, we'll be apt to provide obvious statutory 
reimbursement rates for the governments and other additional reimbursement or discounts to other channels. I think 
you can probably get a sense for what those tend to look like by looking at the way the market has performed 
historically. 


Beyond that, we really haven't set our price for INCIVEK. I'm pleased to tell you that we have planned a very 
aggressive patient assistance program that will be rolled out at the point of launch to ensure that any patients who really 
need INCIVEK can gain access to it, even if they can't afford it. 

Beyond that, we're considering a number of other factors that will eventually take us to a final price, and that, of course, 
will be the final label as that comes in from the FDA over the coming weeks, how well INCIVEK works in the clinical 
trials, as measured by our SVR cure rates, the cost of other medicines and procedures that will – that have been used for 
the treatment of hepatitis C up to this point in time, and of course, the amount of money we need to generate to enable 
our scientists and our labs here at Vertex to continue to discover and test new medicines for other serious diseases in 
the future. 

<Q - Brian Abrahams>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question or comment is from Rachel McMinn of Bank of America. Your line is open. 

<Q - Masha Chapman>: Hi. This is Masha for Rachel. I was wondering if you have already had your pre-NDA 
meeting for CF and given your guidance for second half submissions, what are other gating factors for the regulatory 
filings here aside from the 48-week data? 

<A - Peter Mueller>: Bob, will answer that. 

<A - Robert Kauffman>: So, this is Bob. In terms of the pre-NDA meeting, it is upcoming shortly. We've not yet had 
the pre-NDA meeting, but it's scheduled. 

<A - Peter Mueller>: And for the clinical side and on the CMC side, where you have also pre-NDA meetings, I think 
we had our pre-NDA meeting on CMC in the U.S. We are going to have a pre-MAA meeting in Europe next week. 

<Q - Masha Chapman>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question or comment is from Terence Flynn of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. 

<Q - Terence C. Flynn PhD>: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. Just wondering in terms of the combo study, I know 
that that trial is enrolling patients that are homozygous for F508del, was wondering, first, if you could maybe outline 
your thoughts on any potential differences in efficacy between a patient that's homozygous for that mutation versus 
heterozygous, and then what percent of the market does each of those represent? Thanks. 

<A - Robert Kauffman>: This is Bob. Yes, you're right. The study is enrolling homozygous patients. We're trying to 
keep sort of as homogeneous a population for this initial study as possible. We do plan, as we go through this trial and 
as you had heard, it's an adaptive trial it gives us some freedom to look at different patient groups, and we probably will 
be looking at heterozygous patients as part of that evaluation as the trial goes forward. I can't comment on any 
differences in efficacy because we haven't seen any results yet. 

<A - Peter Mueller>: In terms of population, so the 508 is sort of the biggest portion, and I think it covers about 80% 
or more. 

<A - Nancy J. Wysenski>: That's absolutely right. 

<A - Robert Kauffman>: So the homozygous are about 40% overall and heterozygotes to make up the other 40%. 

<Q - Terence C. Flynn PhD>: Okay. And then just a quick follow-up question, if I might. Can you give us any kind of 
benchmark in terms of what you want to see on sweat chloride to consider making that decision to go forward into part 


2 of the study? 

<A - Robert Kauffman>: Yes. I get asked the question often and all I will say is that, our hope is to see some additive 
activity above and beyond each individual alone, each individual agent. We don't really have a target in mind. It really 
depends a little bit on what we see. There's also dose ranging going on and other aspects that will help us to analyze 
that. But at this point, there's no definitive target. 

<A - Peter Mueller>: And the reason for that is because it is not understood yet what (39:12) PKBD [ph] is in vivo in 
human beings. And we first have to figure out what the right dose regimens are before we can make any statement on 
what direction we have to look. I think the excitement will come if we see additive effect in whatever form, because 
that will prove the concept. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Yaron Werber of Citigroup. Your line is open. 

<Q - Yaron Werber>: Yeah, hi. Thanks for taking my question, and congrats on the really wonderful panel. So, 
question for -- maybe the first question, can you help us understand how fast can you launch once you get approved? 
And second, any sense – you've mentioned how many incoming calls you've had and so, the point of contact into your 
hotline and that was really an impressive number. I'm just trying to get a sense. Is there any way you're able to maybe 
ascertain how many of those are actually patient calls or unique patient calls? Maybe give us kind of a very early gauge 
as to how many people are already contacting you. And then I had a follow-up on CF, as well. 

<A - Nancy J. Wysenski>: Okay, those are two good questions. I think the rapidity of launch is limited only by how 
fast you can get drug supply out through the channels and to the actual retail outlets. And we think we'll be able to do 
that within a matter of several weeks at the outside. Beyond that, I am fully confident that we will have every piece of 
infrastructure in place, each person trained, and waiting to make the calls on physicians and managed care 
organizations as soon as we get that drug out to the outlets. 

The second piece was a question – can you remind me? 

<Q - Yaron Werber>: Yeah, it just has to do – you've mentioned an impressive number of hits already or contacts into 
your hotline and website. Is there any way you're able to ascertain how many of them were patients and maybe even 
sort of unique contacts into your hotline and website? 

<A - Nancy J. Wysenski>: No, I'm sorry. I can't tell you how many of those are actually patients, due to privacy laws 
that prohibit that sort of thing. 

<Q - Yaron Werber>: Okay. But presumably at this point, do you have that info? And I'm just trying to understand if 
maybe that can help you in actually also kind of reaching out to patients, also? 

<A - Nancy J. Wysenski>: No, we know that a good number of the patients who do come into the website end up 
opting into our relationship management program, so we will be able to stay in touch with them. But that is a voluntary 
decision made on their part, and we have no insight into why others don't make that decision. 

<Q - Yaron Werber>: Okay, great. And then just a question on – the CF data was very impressive. And when you 
look at the magnitude of the improvement in lung function, inevitably that should transfer into survival benefit over 
time. That can really help you, really drive home the, a great price for VX-770. And when we look at the orphan 
indications, pricing could be all over the map from 200,000 sort of on the low end and if you look at Myozyme for 
adult patients, as we even remember, that drug actually did not even hit the primary endpoint in their studies, they're 
charging about $1 million for an adult patient. So it gives you a huge flexibility. So maybe help us understand a little 
bit maybe how do you think, what's a good benchmark to think about pricing for 770 if you can? 

<A - Nancy J. Wysenski>: It looks like everyone is doing their homework just as quickly as we are. And you are right 
the ranges are quite considerable from an actual orphan indication to what we might term treatment of a rare disease, 


which is even beyond ultra-orphan status. But it's too early for us to really have any sense at this point where the 
specific price will come in. 

<Q - Yaron Werber>: Okay, great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. The next question in queue is from Howard Liang of Leerink Swann. Your line is open. 

<Q - Howard Liang>: Thanks, very much. Can you comment on whether it's possible that a FDA decision can come 
before the PDUFA date, in other words, can two drugs be approved at the same time? 

<A - Peter Mueller>: It is possible. And both drugs can be approved at the same time, that's also possible. 

<Q - Howard Liang>: Okay. Great. And then if I could ask another question. How is 651, the second corrector, 
different from 809? 

<A - Peter Mueller>: 661, is the number. So it is – it gives – it has a different metabolic profile and also different 
tissue penetration profile, which gives you a possibility to basically have different outcomes in different organs that 
might be beneficial. 

<Q - Howard Liang>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. The next question is from Ted Tenthoff of Piper Jaffray. Your line is open. 

<Q - Ted A. Tenthoff>: Great. And let me share my congrats on a hard-fought and well-won panel. My question goes 
kind of now, what have you done for me lately? And now telaprevir is on the track for approval. I think a lot of people 
are really looking at future combination therapy. 

And I wanted to get a sense based on your data with 222 at EASL, as well as some of the competitive data out there. 
How is your view of combination therapy evolving? And I guess specifically, what other HCV drug classes interest you 
to look at with telaprevir and how can you explore that? 

<A - Robert Kauffman>: This is Bob. I'll take that. I guess my takeaway from EASL was for one, dual drug 
combinations appear not to be sufficiently robust in terms of resistance to be able to really make it in a significant way. 
That was a piece of learning that we've gotten pretty clearly. 

Otherwise, I would say that there are many, many different combinations being evaluated. And I think the field is 
moving along very quickly in that regard. And obviously we are looking to be competitive with all of those other 
regimens as well. 

And I guess the other takeaway was that there's at least a hint that interferon may not be necessary as part of the 
regimen. There was a very small amount of information from the BMS trial, and I think that was pretty exciting to 
people, although, again, it was a very small experience. 

I think our view hasn't really changed all that much. I mean, obviously we want to maintain our leadership position in 
this field. The 222 telaprevir data, particularly the quad regimens are very encouraging. We're still pursuing 
non-interferon-based regimens with ribavirin and as we've said before, we are continuing to look always for new 
mechanisms to potentially combine with the agents that we currently have to basically produce a portfolio of agents 
that can be mixed and matched in appropriate ways and that position hasn't changed at all. I think in fact the data 
suggests that that's the right approach and we're continuing to do that. 


Operator 

Thank you. The next question comes from Mark Schoenebaum of ISI Group. Your line is open. 

<Q - Navin C. Jacob>: Hi, yes. It's actually Navin Jacob for Mark. Michael, I think you said we can't, we can't ask 
comments about the label, but perhaps we could ask about the AdCom, is that fair? 

<A - Michael Partridge>: Yeah. I think our comments on the AdCom have to be very limited, but feel free to ask any 
question, we'll tell you if we can answer it. 

<Q - Navin C. Jacob>: Okay. Just wondering, obviously you guys have tremendous data and again, congrats on a 
successful panel, but with regards to the null patients, the panel seemed a little hesitant about treatment of nulls because 
of resistance. You know, the members of the panel that were bullish on telaprevir for nulls spoke about use specifically 
in cirrhotic patients, but they also referred to the significant benefit that telaprevir provides and they talked about 30% 
in nulls, but when you look at cirrhotic patients that are null, the treatment benefit there is only about 10%, so I was just 
wondering whether that's a concern for you with regards to resistance? And I'm aware of the EXTEND data as well. 

<A - Robert Kauffman>: Yeah. I mean, ultimately we're pretty happy with the discussion that occurred at the advisory 
committee. I think they looked at it in the appropriate way. At this point, really it's up to the FDA and the labeling and 
that's something that we really just can't get into -- don't really know how that's all going to come out at this point. 

<A - Peter Mueller>: You have to understand the Advisory Committee is just a supportive instrument. It's not a 
binding instrument. 

<Q - Navin C. Jacob>: Sure. Fair enough. And then maybe one question for Ian, if I may. Ian, you've previously, you 
know, given us good guidance on telaprevir inventory that you've built up, saying it's – we have to be careful in how 
we model COGS, wondering if you have any update there, have you been continuing to build up telaprevir inventory? 

<A - Ian F. Smith>: Yeah, we do continue to build it up, with our expectation we have multiple scenarios that we've 
planned out for launch possibilities and uptake and we try to cover all of them, including the most optimistic as well. 
So yes, we continue to build inventory significantly and I'll just point that on our balance sheet, you'll notice we started 
to capitalize the inventory as well. 

That came after the acceptance of our filing and also the positive AdCom vote which gives us a confidence of potential 
approval and launch this inventory into the market and then create a more normal cost of goods, but initially we do 
anticipate that there will be minimal cost of goods relating to telaprevir INCIVEK. 

<Q - Navin C. Jacob>: Okay, great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. The next question is from Phil Nadeau of Cowen & Company. Your line is open. 

<Q - Phil Nadeau>: Yes, thanks for taking my questions. Peter, first a follow-up question for you. In your prepared 
remarks, you mentioned the educational program on rash and anemia and that your teams have been working on it. But 
I guess what was unclear to me was whether you feel that that educational program has been completed. So could you 
comment on that, have you actually finished that educational program and is that even possible to do before you have 
the final label? 

<A - Robert Kauffman>: This is Bob. May be I'll take that. No, we're obviously still working on that. Yes, we 
obviously need to see the final labeling in order to be sure we're in tune with what all the final numbers are and 
comments that are made in the label. So it's kind of an ongoing, evolving process, but it's well underway. 

<Q - Phil Nadeau>: Okay. 


<A - Nancy J. Wysenski>: This is Nancy. And I just want to point out that it's standard practice with the approval of 
any new drug to have a solid educational program that is shared between medical affairs and commercial, utilizing, 
again, both your medical affairs staff, as well as your commercial team. And in our case, even our website and 
educators who will reach out to patients to be sure that treaters have the possibility to get the best outcome from a drug 
by fully understanding all of the adverse events that can occur and how to handle them. So we will be prepared at the 
point of launch with an aggressive support program educationally related to the benefits of the drug, as well as the 
adverse events. 

<Q - Phil Nadeau>: Okay, and you may have just answered this, but I'll ask it anyway. Does this need to be completed 
per FDA statute on the day of approval? Is this like a REMS where it has to be in place or is there some leeway where 
it's more up to the company as to exactly when the educational program's ready? 

<A - Nancy J. Wysenski>: There are two different approaches. Obviously if the FDA requires a REMs you would 
negotiate that with them. But traditionally what you think about is many methods to educate physicians, including 
patient treatment brochures, nurse hotlines, patient starter kits with patient-specific information, etcetera, etcetera. 
That's all part of the standard approach. 

<Q - Phil Nadeau>: Yeah, okay. So it's fair to think that the educational program doesn't need to be totally finalized at 
the time of approval. That could be something that evolves with time. 

<A - Peter Mueller>: There is a REMS piece, which you'll have to get agreement on and this will be finalized at the 
given PDUFA timeline, and then there's all the other activities, the non-REMS educational activities that Nancy 
mentioned, that you basically do it as fast as you can and basically we add to them anyhow as you go forward. Okay. 
It's not a one type of thing. 

<A - Robert Kauffman>: And this is Bob, to reiterate, as we said before, we certainly expect the approval to be on or 
before the PDUFA data. We see nothing that would interfere with that at this point. 

<Q - Phil Nadeau>: Okay, and then one last question for Nancy. Nancy, I'm sure your sales and marketing folks are 
out there talking to physicians even though not strictly marketing for telaprevir. Do you have a sense of what 
proportion of physicians have already begun to schedule patients to come in over the summer, into the fall once 
telaprevir and boceprevir are available? 

<A - Nancy J. Wysenski>: I think we're all aware that physicians have been holding patients back from treatment. I 
hate to use the term warehousing when talking about human beings, but we're all aware of that, and I think it's pretty 
easy to estimate what that is by looking at the decline in the usage rates of the current standard of therapy. 

And to your earlier point, yes, we are actively out there. We have visited with about 65% or 70% of all physicians 
already, doing our unbranded campaign which helps physicians understand some of the key dynamics related to the 
treatment of HCV, most notably that a rapid decline in viral rates is typically associated with a very productive clinical 
outcome. 

<Q - Phil Nadeau>: Okay, great. Thanks for taking my questions. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is from Tom Russo of Baird. Your line is open. 

<Q - Tom J. Russo>: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. Following what seemed like an endorsement 
from the panel and seemingly even FDA itself, is there any reason we should not now expect response-guided 
treatment for prior relapsers in some way at this go-round? And could you at least give us a flavor for how your market 
research says that might impact uptake or market share in that subset? 

<A - Robert Kauffman>: Bob, I'll just answer the question in that I can't really answer the question. Obviously, it will 
depend on how things go with the discussions with the FDA and we're in the midst of that now. 


<A - Nancy J. Wysenski>: And you don't typically do research on a point that is that fine. We're pleased generally 
with the very high marks that we're getting right now, on the research we've done that generally describes the current 
view of telaprevir in the marketplace. 

<Q - Tom J. Russo>: Okay, and maybe, Nancy, just continuing on that theme, pricing came up earlier, but now that 
we've seen how the FDA looks at your data, do some of the things moving in a positive direction, like 79% SCR, a 10x 
improvement over standard of care in nulls, and I guess maybe even more response-guided therapy, does that influence 
on the margin what you think you can charge? 

<A - Nancy J. Wysenski>: I wish I could comment more specifically. I just have to say again, we're very pleased with 
the way that the Advisory Committee went and we will be getting to you with our pricing decision as soon as it is 
finalized at the point of approval. 

<Q - Tom J. Russo>: Okay. Thanks. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is from Geoff Meacham of JPMorgan. Your line is open. 

<Q - Geoff C. Meacham>: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Couple of questions about CF and the 
regulatory path and other gating mutations for 770. I know you guys are still in discussions, but how short do you think 
the treatment may be – have to be to see, a potentiation effect and what types of measures of efficacy do you guys think 
that you may have to show here? 

<A - Peter Mueller>: At this given point in time, there's – I'll start will the second one first, I think, currently approved 
and validated in regulatory agencies across the world from a CF readout point of view, is only FEV1. That's the only 
basically validated endpoint and you have to assume that in all those studies that you do, that you have to show a 
benefit in that parameter. 

Our parameters are to be considered as we go forward. None of them are validated at this given point in time in the 
regulated environment and therefore we have to do the work to basically bring some of them forward. And there are 
several ones that go with lung functions, but also other organ functions. So that's what the situation is. 

And in terms of treatment duration, I think we cannot take out the genes out of bodies, so therefore it's a chronic 
treatment, lifelong. 

<A - Robert Kauffman>: This is Bob. I'll just add on to that. Just for – we're not certain at this point what would be 
required in terms of these other mutations to demonstrate. As you know from the Phase IIa study of 770, both sweat 
chloride changes and FEV1 changes were really seeing quite soon after the initiation of treatment and perhaps even two 
weeks or a month might be sufficient to show that. That's not to say that we have any agreements. We're just discussing 
that with the agencies, but it doesn't take very much time in order to see both of those changes. 

<A - Peter Mueller>: But I think what is really proved, so that the lengths of the clinical trials versus the lengths of 
treatment duration afterwards, okay. So those are the two different things. And I think what will happen, what has to 
happen and we will take the lead on that obviously that you have to validate more markers, so that agencies can feel 
comfortable in basically going forward. And we have heard those requests already in different settings. 

<A - Ian F. Smith>: Could I just clarify your question because maybe you were talking about the 809, 770 study and 
with seven days of combination therapy. Were you pointing to that? 

<Q - Geoff C. Meacham>: No, no. Sorry; just 770 in and of itself. 

<A - Peter Mueller>: Yeah, so I think clinical studies in general to see an effect can be relatively short. Treatment 
duration is to be anticipated for long, and then the question that you have to answer and discuss with agencies is how 
much safety data over what period of time do they want to see, to basically grant you an addition to your label. 


<Q - Geoff C. Meacham>: And is there any reason, Peter, to think that Europe would be any different in terms of the 
regulatory path endpoints or duration? 

<A - Robert Kauffman>: They are. The regulatory path is anyhow, different, and it takes normally longer and you 
have less intervention possibilities. 

And then, I think what accelerated approval in the U.S. is sort of priority review six months, you know, the fastest you 
can get in Europe is nine, assuming that you answer the 120-day questions, which you get all at once, within four 
weeks. If you're not, then you go back to the normal phase, which is sort of a 12-week type of approval – 12 months of 
approval regimen. So there is differences and there's also a difference in how they look at drug regimens with respect to 
efficacy and also safety. 

<Q - Geoff C. Meacham>: And final question here on 661, and thanks Peter for your earlier comment on the 
differences here. But when you guys look at some in vitro work with delta F, does 661 exhibit any greater synergy with 
770 than 809 did? 

<A - Peter Mueller>: It's comparable, but I think it's in vitro. And as you know, the proof in the pudding is in vivo. We 
have to see what that means. 

<Q - Geoff C. Meacham>: Okay, thanks. 

<A - Michael Partridge>: Thanks, Geoff. 

Operator 

Thank you. The next question comes from Liisa Bayko of JMP Securities. Your line is open. 

<Q - Liisa A. Bayko>: Hi, there. Thanks for taking my questions. I just wanted to drill down on Brian's question that 
he asked earlier. Could you maybe just give us a flavor or a breakdown of the hep C landscape in terms of 
reimbursement? What relative fraction of people are Medicare versus Medicaid versus private or who have no 
insurance whatsoever? 

<A - Nancy J. Wysenski>: Yeah. Let me see if I can help out a little bit, Lisa. So, generally speaking, about 60% of 
the audience is covered through commercial insurance plans. The other 40% breaks down, as you might imagine, 
between all the different, you know, government plans, Medicare, which is outsourced these days through commercial 
plans, and a little bit of cash. I think probably what you're trying to get at is maybe related to some issues that other 
companies have had, with increasing reimbursement rates within Medicaid, and I think most of that has been an issue 
with other companies because they were looking at chronic therapies for patients. 

For instance, when you're treating hepatitis B or HIV, you know, those patients are going on those therapies ad 
infinitum. So the advantage that we have is that it's a 12-week cure market and in my mind, you know, I'm very 
confident that monies will be made available through the off-patent products that are going to really be bringing big 
injections of cash back into all of these different types of funding. 

<Q - Liisa A. Bayko>: Great. That's really helpful. Thanks a lot for taking my question. 

Operator 

Thank you. Next question is from David Friedman of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. 

<Q - David Friedman MD, MBA>: Hi. Thanks for taking our question. Just wondering if you have a sense as to 
whether telaprevir would – or I guess, INCIVEK, would primarily be distributed through specialty pharmacies or just 
kind of your regular pharmacies? And then just as a corollary to that, is there any reason why you think this drug would 
not be accurately tracked by IMS? 


<A - Nancy J. Wysenski>: Oh, boy. The first question's really easy to answer. The second one is much more complex 
and I probably won't be able to give you a full and compelling answer today. Our general attitude about the way that we 
would like to see INCIVEK go out to the market is an open distribution model, and we think that will enable the 
greatest number of patients in need to be able to gain access to the drug. 

That means that we'll be using major wholesalers, regional wholesalers, as well as specialty pharmacies, and as I'm sure 
you're aware, David, from your experience, that may leave some minor gaps in the data that will be available through 
the common sources such as IMS. 

<Q - David Friedman MD, MBA>: Great. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Thank you. The next question comes from Alan Carr of Needham & Company and your line is now open. 

<Q - Alan Carr PhD>: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions and congratulations on the Advisory committee. To follow 
up real quick on 661, to make sure I understand that, is the difference here mainly that you're getting greater 
distribution in the lung, Peter? 

<A - Peter Mueller>: Repeat that? 

<Q - Alan Carr PhD>: Difference between 661 and 809, it sounds like there's a lot of similarity in vitro, but you 
mentioned that there was a different tissue penetration. Is it better penetration into the lung? Is that the difference? 

<A - Peter Mueller>: There is, there is a higher penetration towards the lung, but we don't know whether that really 
translates into a therapeutic benefit. 

<Q - Alan Carr PhD>: Okay. And Nancy, about the prescriber rates, I'm curious whether you expect the prescriber 
base to grow, or stay the same, or become more concentrated or specialized as you layer on protease inhibitors? 

<A - Nancy J. Wysenski>: I think the net-net as the drugs are released and as practitioners gain experience will be 
pretty even keel. You know, it may take a little longer for people who don't see as many patients to find the courage. 
They are often not on that cutting edge of innovation. They may want to wait for some of your higher treatment 
prescribers and key thought leaders to gain that experience and, you know, sort of help advise them, but we don't 
expect it to change in a very dramatic way. 

<Q - Alan Carr PhD>: Okay. Thanks again. 

Operator 

Thank you. The next question in queue comes from Ying Huang with Gleacher & Company. Your line is open. 

<Q>: This is Ryan for Ying. Thanks for taking my questions. Just two questions. First for the Phase III telaprevir BID 
study, could you give us some more details regarding where you are with enrollment? From the clinicaltrials.gov site it 
looks like the study was initiated last year. 

And then second, this is for Ian, given the number of studies you're conducting, could you comment generally on how 
you're thinking about R&D expense, maybe longer term? Thanks. 

<A - Robert Kauffman>: This is Bob. I'll answer the first one. It's going along as we planned. The sites are active and 
patients are actively enrolling, so we expect things to be basically on track. 

<A - Ian F. Smith>: And then to the guidance for R&D, I can't provide you guidance looking at 2012 or '13. What we 
tried to do this year though is we gave you guidance for 2011 to help you understand our total operating expenses. 
Clearly you have your own models in terms of revenues, and that will help you navigate the waters, let's say, as we go 


into '12 and '13, with how our total operating expense are trending, taking last year, looking at this year and how we 
might go into 2012 and then you can apply that to your revenue models and that should give you good understanding 
that we're looking at 2012 to be one of a year where we are continuing reinvestment in R&D because the pipeline that 
we've been building. But we still have great potential given the scale of the top line to create significant earnings. So 
that's how we model the business. That's what we're planning for, for '12 and '13, and it's how we're going to take our 
budgets into 2012. 

<Q - Alan Carr PhD>: Great. Thanks a lot. 

<A - Michael Partridge>: So it's now past 6 PM. I think in the interest of everybody's time, we will take just one more 
question and be available in our offices after that, if you have additional inquiries. 

Operator 

Thank you. And our final question then will come from Vernon Bernardino from Dawson James. Your line is open. 

<Q - Vernon T. Bernardino MBA>: Congratulations as well for a great panel. One panelist was persistent on the 
issue of (1:07:39) rationanian and how pyrazinoic acid, metabolized [ph] telaprevir plays a role in the risk of death and 
[ph] cervicalosis (1:07:46). You didn't really get a good chance to reply during the meeting or at least in detail, could 
you comment and what studies are planned to address the panelist's issue? 

<A - Robert Kauffman>: So, yes, it's true that pyrazinoic acid is metabolite of telaprevir. It's present in relatively low 
concentrations in plasma compared to the parent molecule. The safety profile of telaprevir has obviously been 
developed with pyrazinoic acid as it has been, but we don't anticipate any additional studies being necessary at this 
point. 

<Q - Vernon T. Bernardino MBA>: Okay. Thank you. 

Michael Partridge 

Okay. Thank you very much, everyone, for joining us tonight. Thank you very much for your kind words and your 
questions. We certainly look forward to updating you further on INCIVEK in the coming weeks and, again, we are in 
our offices tonight if you have any additional questions. Thank you. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2011, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


