Q3 2009 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
• Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President 
• Rochelle Fuhrmann 
Other Participants 

• David Risinger 
• Elliot Wilbur 
• Christopher Schott 
• Scott Henry 
• Adam Greene 
• Gary Nachman 
• Shibani Malhotra 
• David Windley 
• David Buck 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Warner Chilcott Third Quarter Earnings Call. Today's call is being 
recorded. 

Our speakers today will be Roger Boissonneault, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Paul Herendeen, Vice 
President and Chief Financial Officer. We will have a question-and-answer session following our prepared remarks. 
[Operator Instructions] 

I will now turn the call over to Mr. Paul Herendeen. 

Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you, Erin. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining the call. Earlier this morning we issued a press release 
that details our third quarter 2009 results. Hopefully everybody's had a chance to review that press release. Copies of 
the release are available on our website. 

Roger and I would like to take a few moments to discuss the closing of the P&G pharma acquisition, which closed on 
October 30, and the LEO transaction, which occurred late in the third quarter. We'll update you on 
product-development activities and provide additional details regarding our third quarter financial results, which will be 
followed by a Q&A period. 

Before doing that, let me point out that this call will include forward-looking statements. These statements are subject 
to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause the Company's actual results to differ materially from such 
statements. These risks and uncertainties are discussed in our 2008 Form 10-K as amended and certain of our other 
public filings, which are on file with the SEC and available on its website. The forward-looking statements made 


during this call are made only as of the date of this call and the Company undertakes no obligation to update such 
statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances. 

In addition, we may make reference during the course of this call to non-GAAP financial measures as defined by SEC 
regulations. In accordance with these regulations, we have provided reconciliations of these measures in our press 
release and accompanying 8-K, each of which were issued this morning and that we believe are the most directly 
comparable GAAP measures. 

With that, let me turn things over to Roger, our President and CEO. 

Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President 

Thanks, Paul. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. I will provide an update on our activities since our 
last call before turning it back to Paul, who'll provide an overview of our third quarter financial results. 

The last few months have been some of the most exciting in Warner Chilcott's history. In our relatively short time as a 
standalone company we've completed two transactions that each in their own way transform the Company. 

The close of the P&G pharma acquisition certainly ranks at the top of our list as this was a transformational event in 
many ways. We now have a presence in many of the major pharma markets around the world and have significantly 
increased our scale and the diversity of both our revenue and profits. 

We've added to the capabilities of our sales and R&D functions, including a recent hire of Dr. Mahdi Fawzi, who will 
lead our global R&D function. Dr. Fawzi brings with him a wealth of experience that we believe will enable us to drive 
our R&D programs forward, including the development of proprietary improvements to our portfolio of market-leading 
products, ACTONEL, ASACOL and LOESTRIN 24. 

Our approach to R&D will remain the same, with the focus on the productivity of R&D and investment in lower cost, 
higher-probability-of-success projects. That said, the increased scale and development capabilities resulting from the 
acquisition of P&G will enable us to explore a broader array of product development opportunities. 

The acquired PGP pipeline included an improved version of ACTONEL, for which an NDA was filed with the U.S. 
FDA in late September and was filed in Canada in Late October. Subject to FDA approval, this product could be 
launched in the U.S. as early as 2010. With the acquisition, we've expanded our presence in Women's Healthcare and 
we've added two new and attractive markets defined by medical specialties, Gastroenterology and Urology. 

Although it's still early, we're in the process of organizing our sales forces to optimize the PGP product assets and to 
leverage our expanded sales resources. The U.S. sales force will continue to be led by Carl Reichel. And in Western 
Europe, we are fortunate to add the expertise of Hans van Zoonen to our senior management team. Hans joins us from 
PGP, will be based in Geneva, and will lead our efforts – our sales efforts outside of the U.S. as well as our global 
marketing efforts. 

Our immediate focus in the U.S. will be the promotion of ASACOL HD, the 800 version of ASACOL, which we 
believe provides an opportunity for growth over the next several years. And on ACTONEL, where we look to maintain 
a market-leading position in anticipation of the potential launch, subject to FDA approval of an improved version of 
ACTONEL as early as 2010. 

During the quarter, we agreed to terminate our U.S. rights to distribute DOVONEX and TACLONEX products and 
rights to certain products under development by LEO Pharma. The transaction closed in late September and we 
received a cash payment of $1 billion. This transaction enables us to better focus our promotional efforts on the 
additional branded products that we acquired through the PGP acquisition. 

Many of you have asked about the future of our Dermatology sales force, a high-performing group within Warner 
Chilcott. Post our distribution-agreement period with LEO, we have the ability to redirect these resources to other 
promotional priorities, particularly to Gastroenterology segment, where our experience and track record of success in 


converting brand franchises to improve products may be particularly valuable. 

Turning back to the Company's historical product-development updates, we anticipate submitting an NDA for an oral 
contraceptive that we licensed to Watson during the fourth quarter of '09. Upon the launch of that product, we will 
receive a royalty from Watson based on their net sales of the product. Just as a reminder, we filed an NDA for our new 
low-dose oral contraceptive back in March. And if all goes well and we receive FDA approval, we could be in a 
position to launch the low-dose OC in the first half of 2010. 

During the quarter we continued our development work on two products for the treatment of erectile dysfunction, a 
topical Alprostadil cream that we acquired from NexMed, and a PDE5 inhibitor, Udenafil, licensed from Dong-A. The 
Phase III trials for the Udenafil product are just underway and we expect to take approximately two years to complete. 

With respect to the topical Alprostadil product, we continue to work with the FDA's specific issues and hope to be able 
to give you a better sense of where we are in the near future. Successful development of these products will enable us 
to expand into other attractive areas, erectile dysfunction, by focusing our promotional efforts on urologists and 
high-value primary care targets. 

Turning to our commercial efforts during the quarter, our promotional efforts on LOESTRIN 24 continued to 
contribute to our strong growth in prescriptions and market share. Total filled prescriptions for LOESTRIN 24 were up 
28% in the third quarter compared to the prior year. Here we believe the results of Carl's initiatives to improve the 
quality and efficiency of our Women's healthcare sales force are beginning to be seen. 

Our Women's Healthcare sales reps are firing on all cylinders, and this is very important as we gear for a possible 
launch of the low-dose OC next year. LOESTRIN 24 is expected to remain our priority until the new low-dose product 
is approved, at which time it will become the primary focus of our OC promotional efforts as we pursue growth in our 
overall share of the OC market. 

We also had a strong quarter with DORYX. Filled prescriptions were up 45% in the quarter compared with the third 
quarter last year. The efforts of our Dermatology sales team and the promotional initiatives focused on LOESTRIN 150 
drove the success of DORYX brand. 

This year has been exciting to say the least. But what I'm most proud of is the contribution of our people and it starts 
with our sales forces. Today, our sales forces are performing at a high level. It will be easy to lose sight of the 
contribution of our field sales representatives with all the transactions and other changes, but they continue to be one of 
the keys to our success. 

Now let me turn things over to Paul to take you through the financial results for the quarter. 

Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks very much, Roger. Before I turn to the Q3 results, I just want to be clear that the third quarter results represent 
the performance of our legacy Warner Chilcott business and do not include the results of the PGP pharma business as it 
was acquired on October 30. 

Our third quarter revenue increased 9% to 252.8 million compared to the third quarter of 2008. The increased sales 
were led primarily by increases in the net sales of LOESTRIN 24 and ESTRACE Cream, which were partially offset by 
net sales declines of other products, primarily TACLONEX. 

Net sales of our OCs increased roughly 13 million or about 19% this quarter versus the third quarter of 2008, primarily 
driven by LOESTRIN 24. LOESTRIN 24 contributed 64.6 million of net sales in the third quarter, up 27% over the 
prior year quarter. And that's due to the – mainly to the 28% increase in filled prescriptions that Roger mentioned, as 
well as higher average selling prices and a little bit of an expansion in pipeline inventories in Q3 relative to Q3 of '08. 

The increase was offset in part by the impact of higher sales-related deductions, due primarily to increased utilization 
of the loyalty-card program we launched in Q1 of '09 for LOESTRIN 24. We continued to see positive momentum and 


solid gains in market share for LOESTRIN 24 that really start in the second quarter and can – have continued through 
the third quarter. 

We attribute much of this to Carl's ongoing focus on the effectiveness of the Women's Healthcare sales force. As we 
mention on our last quarter's call, the efforts to optimize our field forces were substantially completed during the first 
quarter 2009 with a new configuration of approximately 330 total territories. Of these, 260 supported Women's 
Healthcare during the third quarter and had LOESTRIN 24 as its primary promotional focus. 

FEMCON generated net sales of 13.3 million in the third quarter of 2009, representing an increase of just about 17% 
over the same period in the prior year. And that was primarily due to higher average selling prices and lower 
sales-related deductions, offset in part by a decrease in filled prescriptions. As we mentioned in Q1, beginning in 2009 
our promotional efforts related to FEMCON are limited primarily to sampling programs. 

Turning to our Dermatology portfolio, revenues of our dermatology products decreased 7.7% or 8.4 million in the third 
quarter of '09 compared to the prior-year quarter. Sales of DORYX led by DORYX 150 increased 3.4 million or 7.6%, 
primarily due to the 45% increase in filled prescriptions and higher average selling prices, which were offset in part by 
higher sales-related deductions and a contraction of pipeline inventories relative to the prior-year quarter. 

The sales-related deductions include the impact of approximately $5 million in accruals this quarter related to the 
ongoing loyalty-card program for DORYX 150. We continue to have strong redemption rates on the customer loyalty 
cards we offer on DORYX 150, which has helped to shift an increasing percentage of the DORYX franchise, the 150 
milligram strength, as we accelerate the overall growth of the DORYX franchise. 

Based on our most recent weekly IMS data, DORYX 150 has reached approximately 87% of the new prescriptions and 
85% of total DORYX prescriptions for the franchise. But as mentioned on the first quarter call, and I will remind you 
again today, the loyalty-card program does decrease our net sales value per script for DORYX 150. 

At the end of the first quarter, our net sales for DORYX 150 Rxs was approximately $300 per Rx, which decreased to 
roughly 250 in Q2 '09, and remained at approximately the same level in Q3 '09. Let me be clear about that, it was 300 
in Q1, roughly 250 in Q2 and roughly 250 in Q3. Despite the impact on gross to net sales, the program is profitable for 
us and the margin has contributed to continuing growth in the franchise. 

TACLONEX net sales decreased 9.2 million in the third quarter of '09 compared to the third quarter. Filled 
prescriptions for TACLONEX were down approximately 13%. The decrease was also due to a contraction of pipeline 
inventories relative to the prior year and higher sales-related deductions, offset in part by the impact of higher selling 
prices. 

Net sales of DOVONEX decreased 2.6 million in the third quarter compared to the prior-year quarter. That was 
primarily due to a decrease in filled prescriptions offset in part by lower sales-related deductions and higher selling 
prices. 

As part of the agreement with LEO, we will continue promotional activities for TACLONEX and DOVONEX through 
the remainder of 2009, calendar 2009. You should note that we will continue to record net sales of DOVONEX and 
TACLONEX in our P&L during the term of our distribution agreement, which expires December 31, at distributor 
margins. 

We will continue to call out the net sales of DOVONEX and TACLONEX, so we'll be able to adjust our Q4 results to 
eliminate the impact of DOVONEX and TACLONEX sales from our fourth quarter. 

Net sales of our hormone-therapy products increased 15.7 million or almost 38% in Q3 compared to the prior-year 
quarter. Net sales of ESTRACE cream increased 10.8 million or 54%, resulting from a almost 22% increase in filled 
prescriptions. We began our promotional activities for ESTRACE cream in early 2009 and are pleased with the positive 
effect the promotional efforts have had on the net sales of the product. 

Net sales of FEMHRT increased 4.9 million due an expansion of pipeline inventories and higher average selling prices 
during the third quarter compared with the prior-year quarter, offset by almost a 15% decline in Rxs. Teva has the right 


to enter the market with a generic for FEMHRT as early as this month, which would negatively impact the net sales of 
the product both in the fourth quarter and beyond. 

Our gross profit margin as a percentage of total revenue was 82.4% in the third quarter of 2009, which represents an 
increase from 79.8% in the prior-year quarter. And that's do primarily to a more favorable product mix, offset in part by 
some increases in manufacturing costs. 

Reported SG&A expenses for the quarter were 59.1 million, an increase of 13.2 million or almost 29% compared with 
Q3 of '08. Selling and distribution expenses, the expenses associated with our field sales forces, decreased 2.2 million, 
primarily due to a lower average head count compared to the prior-year quarter, offset in part by promotion expenses 
related to FEMRING. 

Advertising and promotion expenses decreased 2.1 million in the quarter compared to the prior year. General 
administrative expenses increased 17.5 million in the third quarter compared to the prior-year quarter, in large part due 
to professional and legal fees of 14.5 million related to costs associated with the acquisition of the P&G pharma 
business, and to a lesser extent increases in compensation expense. 

Let me note that our G&A expense will continue to be impacted by costs associated with the P&G acquisition as we 
continue to integrate the two businesses and build out our operating infrastructure, including paying for transitional 
services performed for us by P&G. 

R&D expense in the quarter was 11.6 million and related to our ongoing product-development programs, some of 
which Roger mentioned during his comments. You'll note that we made no milestone payments during the quarter. 

Turning to amortization, which totaled 57 million in the third quarter of 2009, as we've noted in the past in computing 
cash net income we add back the after-tax impact of the amortization. Both the LEO and P&G transactions will have an 
impact on our amortization of intangible assets as we go forward. 

Net interest expense for the second quarter was 24 million. You'll recall we did not make an optional pre-payment of 
debt during the second quarter. During the third quarter, we utilized the proceeds from the LEO transaction to pay-off 
the outstanding roughly 480 million of bank term debt. 

Third quarter net interest expense includes $6.6 million of the write-off of deferred loan costs in connection with that 
pre-payment of debt. The Company's 380 million base amount of 8.75% senior subordinated notes continue to be 
outstanding. 

Our reported GAAP net income in the third quarter was 424.2 million and cash net income was 483.3 million, both of 
which include an after-tax gain of 380.1 million resulting from the LEO transaction. Note that approximately 69 
million of the LEO gain will be recognized during the fourth quarter. It's a little bit different from the way we thought 
that the gain would play out, but on a cash basis, let me tell you that it is exactly as we articulated it to you before. 

Adjusted cash net income for the quarter, which excludes the gain from the LEO transaction, was 103.2 million or 
$0.41 per fully diluted share, based on 251.3 million ordinary shares outstanding – diluted shares outstanding. 

In arriving at cash net income, we do add back the after-tax impact of book amortization of intangible assets and the 
amortization-deferred loan fees. We add these back at the marginal tax rate specific to each item in each period. For Q3 
'09 the marginal tax rate for amortization of intangibles was 8.4% and the marginal tax rate for deferred loan fees was 
approximately 12%. The reconciliation from GAAP net income to cash net income and adjusted cash net income is 
included in the press release. 

Turning to liquidity for a moment, we started the third quarter with 138.2 million of cash and cash equivalents on the 
balance sheet. The LEO transaction resulted in after-tax cash proceeds of approximately 980 million. 

And in addition we generated 111.1 million of cash from operating activities in the third quarter. As I mentioned, we 
utilized a portion of the proceeds from LEO transaction for the prepayment of 479.8 million of our senior secured credit 
facility and ended the quarter with a balance in cash and cash equivalents of 753.7 million. 


To finance the P&G pharma acquisition on October 30, we used a combination of cash on hand and borrowings under 
our new senior secured credit facilities. The new senior secured credit facilities provide for up to 3.2 billion in 
financing and are comprised of a $250 million revolving credit facility with a five-year maturity, a $1 billion Term 
Loan A with a five-year maturity and $1.6 billion Term Loan B with a five-and-a-half year maturity, and a $350 
million delayed-draw Term Loan B with a five-and-a-half year maturity. 

Borrowings under the Term Loan A and revolving credit facility bear interest at LIBOR plus 325 basis points, and 
under the Term Loan B and delayed-draw facility at LIBOR plus 350 basis points, in all cases subject to a 2.25% floor 
on LIBOR. 

At the closing, we borrowed a total of 2.6 billion under the term loan facilities and did not borrow under the revolving 
credit facility or the delayed-draw term loan facility. As I mentioned, the $380 million aggregate principal amount of 
our 8.75% senior sub notes remain outstanding. 

We take a moment to discuss the $350 million delayed-draw term loan facility, which remains available to us for 180 
days following the October 30 closing, in the event that Sanofi exercises its put rights under the global act in our 
co-promotion agreement back to Warner Chilcott as a result of the change of control. Sanofi has 45 days from the date 
of the close, that was October 30, to exercise its right to put that interest. I will note that if Sanofi were to exercise a 
put, we would not expect a material impact on the Company's leverage profile. 

For those debt holders on the call, we included a reconciliation of GAAP net income to adjusted EBITDA in our press 
release. Adjusted EBITDA using the bond definition for Q3 of '09 was $159 million. 

We expect to continue to be able to generate strong cash flows going forward. The combined Company continues to 
have similar financial characteristics that are expected to drive that strong cash flow: high margins with relatively 
modest investments and adjusted working capital; relatively modest annual cap expenditure requirements; and a 
favorable tax rate. 

In addition, our expanded portfolio of products has intellectual property that currently provides management with a 
view that we can maintain product exclusivity on many of our major products during the next several years. In the 
absence of compelling opportunities to invest our free cash flow in strategic initiatives such as in-licensing 
opportunities, acquisitions or other internal product-development activities, we expect to continue to use excess cash 
flow for delevering purposes. 

Before I turn to Q&A, let me remind you that we've suspended our financial guidance for the full year 2009 due to the 
PGP acquisition. For the avoidance of doubt, there'll be a lot of noise included in our Q4 results, including the impact 
of purchase accounting, transaction and related costs, and integration-related consulting fees. We look forward to 
putting much of the noise behind us in Q4 so that we can hopefully enter 2010 on a reasonably clean basis. 

I know that many of you are looking forward to having a view of the combined Company's pro forma results, which we 
should be in a position to disclose later this month. Also we expect to provide 2010 financial guidance for the 
combined Company early in the first quarter of 2010. 

And with that, Erin, if we could open up the lines for some questions? 

Q&A 

Operator 

Certainly. [Operator Instructions. We'll hear first from David Risinger with Morgan Stanley. 

<Q - David Risinger>: Yes, hi. Thanks very much. I've got a couple of questions, so why don't I just rattle them off. 
There are three. First of all, is it correct that ACTONEL goes generic ex-U.S. in December of 2010? And if that's the 
case, is there any reason not to assume a significant decline in ACTONEL ex-U.S. sales and ACTONEL ex-U.S. 
royalties in 2011? Or is there something that I'm missing there? And then second, I guess stepping back to a higher 


level, some observers have highlighted significant opportunities to improve P&G's margin. Could you comment on that 
in 2010, particularly in light of the transitional services that you had just mentioned on the call? It's just hard to 
understand whether you're looking for significant improvement in P&G's margins in 2010 or not? And then third, in 
terms of ASACOL generics, when the patent expires in 2013, can you comment on whether the FDA is requiring 
comparative clinical trials to be conducted for generics to demonstrate bioequivalence to ASACOL? I know that you're 
working on boosting use of HD, which has just started to sell in the market, but assuming that some patients haven't 
converted to HD, it will be important to understand whether ASACOL will face generics in 2013. Thanks very much. 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: Okay. David, it's Roger. I'll take, I guess, 
questions one and three and I'll give – Paul can handle two with great style. As for ACTONEL, you're right about that 
date about December 2010, but it does vary significantly by country. And we do expect a decline in 2011. Some of that 
will be mitigated by the fact, and some countries will continue to be the branded product in the marketplace. And it's 
not as onerous as the U.S. while once you go generic. There's countries like Spain and Italy, we will maintain 
ACTONEL sales but albeit at a lower margin. So it's not as clean as one would expect in the U.S. in the European 
setting. It will vary by country and it will decline over a period of time and Hans van Zoonen who runs Western Europe 
has a strategy to deal with that. 

On question three, you asked about the ASACOL and potentially going off-patent in 2013. There's also the opportunity 
for a pediatric extension that would take that to 2014. As far as what is needed to generate a comparison or a 
bioequivalent, to-date we haven't seen any guidance produced by the FDA, so that issue is indeed still up in the air. But 
we would perceive that you would have to do a clinical imaging, simply couldn't do a bioequivalence route. You were 
concerned about the fact that the conversion to HD, I personally think the conversion to HD will accelerate with our 
new promotional efforts. So by the time we get to 2014 or 2013, a significant percentage of the business should be in 
the 800 milligram dosage. And I'll turn it over to Paul. 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. Thanks, Roger. Actually 
before I comment on the cost structure for PGP, let me buttress a couple of points, especially with respect to 
ACTONEL. Because we've said this in the past, we said it when we announced the acquisition of the company, 
ACTONEL is a challenging franchise for us from a growth perspective over the course of the next several years. If you 
were to break that franchise into its ex-U.S. piece, and I'll call the rest of world versus the North American piece, it's 
been declining outside the U.S. at kind of a low-single digit percentage rate for net sales over the course of the last 
three years ending June of '09. And you're quite right, David, that as we get to the end of 2010 in December, it does 
indeed lose exclusivity in many of the major markets in Western Europe. 

Now that said, as Roger just pointed out, it's not quite the fall-off-the-table scenario in some of those markets in 
Western Europe that you would see if it was going generic in the U.S. But suffice it to say that ex-U.S., and really the 
impact on the overall franchise is that if you think about 2010 versus '09, it's – this is not a growth asset. If you think 
about '11 versus '10, this is not a growth asset, particularly in '11 versus '10 when you lose exclusivity in Western 
Europe. So we tried to be pretty clear about that and I'm glad you asked the question and gave us the opportunity to 
buttress that as well. In the U.S., as you probably know it's a difficult environment with the Fosamax generic or generic 
to Fosamax out in the marketplace. So that is rugged as well. What we're excited about there, as Roger said in his 
opening comments, is that we've had the opportunity to file the next-gen product for ACTONEL. And as we look ahead 
to years beyond 2011, we look for the ability to sustain a franchise and a profitable franchise over an extended period 
of time. But the next several years with that product are going to be somewhat challenging. 

Now turning back to your question number two, which was with respect to synergies and how should we be thinking 
about the cost structure for 2010, again we've said this a couple of times in several forums as well, and I'm glad I have 
the opportunity to buttress this as well. We did not do this deal because we thought there would be dramatic synergies 
here in the near term. We of course – people who've followed us over an extended period of time, we feel like we run a 
pretty tight ship and we feel like we will allocate expenses and deploy resources where they will be deployed for effect. 

However as we look at 2010, we're acquiring a business that is roughly two times the size of our business, we added 
about 1,900 colleagues just back on October 30 and we're in the process of building up infrastructure, particularly 


ex-US, that we'll need in order to be able to manage that business outside the United States over the course of not just 
2010, but 2010 and beyond. So as I think about it, you reference a transitional services, we will be employing 
transitional services from P&G. We'll have access to those services for a period of a year. And they are expensive and 
that's the way it should be. They should encourage us to get out from under those transitional services. But as we go 
forward to build out that infrastructure, we'll kind of be double-dipping with respect to transitional services and the cost 
of building out that infrastructure, particularly outside the United States. 

So if it were me, and I know me, we would not be modeling synergies in the cost structure of – the overall cost 
structure for 2010. As we get to the point where we're providing guidance for calendar 2010, that would be in the early 
part of 2010, we'll give you a much better read on that cost structure. But for now, what I would suggest is you need to 
assume very little in the way of synergies. It's a long-winded way of saying dis-synergies probably equal synergies in 
'10. Does that answer it, David? 

<Q - David Risinger>: That's great. Thanks so much for your help. 

Operator 

We'll take our next question from Elliot Wilbur with Needham & Company. 

<Q - Elliot Wilbur>: Sure. Maybe just following up on that line of questioning, with respect to ACTONEL in Europe, 
it doesn't sound like there are any plans to or there's an opportunity to, to take the next-gen ACTONEL product that's 
been filed in the U.S. and introduce that in to the E.U.? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: It's Roger. No, there's not an opportunity 
with that for the E.U., you're right. 

<Q - Elliot Wilbur>: Okay. And I guess I'm just sort of looking through some of the documents that have been filed 
to-date, it seems like ex-U.S. that it doesn't look like there are a lot of products being actively detailed by the sales force 
out there outside of ACTONEL. I want to make sure, number one, that that's in fact correct? And just thinking about 
how you're planning to manage this transition in terms of – either focusing on other assets or looking immediately to 
bring in additional assets? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: No, the – Elliot, there are a few. ASACOL 
is a very viable asset in the U.K. and I think we do between 55 to $60 million in sales with ASACOL in the U.K. Also 
in France, which is an interesting market, we have a Vitamin K product that's used as an anti-clotting and I believe that 
does around 40 million. And then there is calcium – there's a combination of vitamin – calcium and vitamin D that is 
actively promoted in Europe. That is a significant product and I think that's up in the $80 million range. So there are a 
number of products that will obviously keep us busy and that becomes a platform for growth. I think once we remove 
the ACTONEL and we get down to what our real growth prospects look like, it's up to Hans to build those franchises. 
And of course we will look for the potential global asset that could link the U.S. and Western Europe and in fact that 
might indeed be Intrinsa, which is a product which currently is in Europe and we will be expanding its indication for it 
in Europe. 

<Q - Elliot Wilbur>: Okay. Thanks, Roger. Then a couple of questions for you, Paul, as well. I mean, it looks like 
there's a bit of noise in the numbers this quarter, primarily related to movements in channel inventory. I'm just 
wondering if you maybe just highlight some of the key products, LOESTRIN and DORYX, kind of where we are in 
terms of channel inventory, so we can get a better idea of where that's likely to move over the next quarter? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, sure. I mean, let me start by 
saying I would describe those, as I always do, those movements in inventory as being the normal ebbs and flows of 
pipeline inventory. It just happens that you have an expansion in Q3. And with respect to DORYX actually we had, 
believe it or not, a contraction, a contraction in Q3 versus an expansion in the prior year. So these are – if you're trying 
to forecast the pluses and minus of our pipeline inventory, I would submit that you would have to be better than us. I 
mean we look at it and we get to the end and it kind of is what it is. We don't make an effort to manage the pipeline up 


or down. We just try to make sure that we don't get in a situation where there's too much out there. And with our IMA 
agreements we're able to do that pretty well. So we're talking about – even when I call them out as part of my MD&A, 
it's not as though we've mortgaged the next quarter by adding a couple of million dollars of LOESTRIN net sales in Q3 
and that it's suddenly going to turn around. 

I think the most important thing to take away from our posted results here, and we highlighted, both Roger did and I did 
in my remarks, is our existing business now, we're focused on the legacy – I guess our historical Warner Chilcott 
business, our two major product drivers right now are LOESTRIN 24 and DORYX and to a slightly, and only slightly 
lesser extent ESTRACE Cream. If you look at LOESTRIN 24, we are very, very proud of the results that we've been 
able to achieve here now starting in – really starting in Q2, but continuing into Q3. And as they say, that's the stuff – 
you can't make it up. It's not – it's real. When you look at continued market share gains and acceleration of growth and 
we're very, very proud of that LOESTRIN 24. 

We're also proud of the work that's been done by the Dermatology sales force, both of those field forces under Carl's 
direction, to convert over that DORYX franchise to 150, which is a very valuable product line for us. So I know you're 
trying to get fine with it with the pipeline inventories, but I just ask you to focus on the TRxs as a proxy for unit 
growth, look at – we're calling out for you on DORYX where you need to take into consideration the impact of those 
loyalty cards on the net sales value per Rx. We think we're firing on all cylinders there. And frankly the pipeline 
inventory stuff here in Q3 was the way you described, it was noise. 

<Q - Elliot Wilbur>: Okay, thanks. And just last question for you, Paul. Just maybe give us a little bit of color on how 
the LOESTRIN 24 FE loyalty-card program impacted ASPs in the quarter and sort of what we're – what we should be 
thinking about going forward in terms of what kind of utilization you're seeing there? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. I mean I think it – that it had 
the effect of basically pulling down of course the net sales per Rx. And so that it would maybe down a couple of dollars 
for – per Rx. And again was an important part, although I would not say a most important part of the continued 
acceleration of growth in both Rxs and market share. So you said it was $2 an Rx, you'd be approximately correct. I 
want to point out that I think that we think the value of that program, you think of it in different terms I think than the 
DORYX program, DORYX 150, is that I think, Carl, if he were on the call with us, he'd tell you the most important 
part of that card is it's helpful to our sales reps to feel confident when they walk through the door that they have all of 
the tools that they need in order to make a compelling argument or a compelling case for a physician to write 
LOESTRIN 24. And so the utilization there is nothing, nothing, nothing like you see with DORYX. 

<Q - Elliot Wilbur>: All right. Thank you. 

Operator 

Next we'll hear from Chris Schott with JPMorgan. 

<Q - Christopher Schott>: Great, thank you. First question on ASACOL, and you mentioned earlier obviously some 
opportunities to convert patients to the improved versions here and maybe some more to DORYX. Now that you own 
PGP, with increased focus on this franchise following the LEO transaction, help us just frame the timelines around 
when you'd anticipate any type of switch programs being in place, the sales force out with any new messages you might 
be articulating on the product? I guess is that a three-month process, a six month-process, something much more longer 
term than that? Any color on that would be appreciated and I just have one follow-up from there. 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: It's Roger. I guess you can – you've seen the 
success that we've had with DORYX and moving business to the 150, which is the better product. We do believe the 
800 in this situation is indeed the better product versus the 400. And I think it's going to take – probably it's going to 
take about three months just to get this thing sorted out in the aligning sales forces and making sure one of the things 
that we're doing is we're going to the specialty sales force for the gastroenterologist. P&G did have a specialty sales 
force in place until about July of this year. But you got to remember P&G was in a harvest mode and basically was 


hiring rental sales reps and didn't want to make an investment in this area because they were making investments in 
their consumer products business. So we've got to turn that back around and we believe that the future will be a 
specialty sales force that will be focused on ASACOL. And we do believe that once we get that focus back, it will 
probably take about three months to get everything aligned. And that obviously is the best of P&G and the best of 
Warner Chilcott being focused on the gastro and the dermatologists. But that implementation will take about three 
months I believe and then after that we'll be getting the correct marketing programs in place. And that will be sales and 
marketing working together and I think you'll begin to see that in the January timeframe. 

<Q - Christopher Schott>: Great. That's very helpful. And then just a follow-up, the ACTONEL franchise, and 
considering the next generation version as well, just given the generic Fosamax situation, I mean is this a franchise we 
can think about for an opportunity for patient-loyalty programs, maybe to address the co-pay structure differences 
between ACTONEL and the generics out there? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: Well I wouldn't be jumping all over patient 
cards, seems like they're going to put a patient card out there. But you've got to remember, if it's a superior product and 
we do believe it's going to be a superior product, that's going to be the merits of the product that will drive it forward. 
So it's not like we pull this patient card out and then this is the magic to success. And same – as you know the patient 
card has worked for LOESTRIN 24, but LOESTRIN 24 is indeed a superior product. So that we sell the merits of the 
product and you don't need a patient card to be successful. I think the idea with the next generation of ACTONEL, it 
will overcome a significant compliance issue and that's the basis of why we're going to be introducing it into the 
marketplace. 

<Q - Christopher Schott>: Great. Thanks very much. 

Operator 

We'll take our next question from Scott Henry with Roth Capital. 

<Q - Scott Henry>: Thank you. I just wanted to ask a couple of questions on a few of the new franchises. Now that 
you have completed the deal, you may have more thoughts on them. For starters on ASACOL, you do have the 
30-month stay in the case with Roxane coming up in Q1. Just wanted to see if you had any color on that situation? Do 
you intend to meet with them as Warner Chilcott now ahead of the case or just any kind of outlook? And as well on the 
ASACOL franchise, from a longer-term sustainability outlook, would you consider or are you considering a once-a-day 
version? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: It's Roger. We have had no contact with 
Roxane and that situation continues. You're right about the 30-month stay and I think there's very little to comment on 
it. But I do – you do allude to the fact that there's potential for new ASACOL products and we're actually going – we're 
looking at anything that P&G have worked on and currently the best of our group to identify opportunities and could 
you dose the product once a day. It is our belief that you probably could come up with a once-a-day. Then the issue is 
dosage and how available you can make the product because it's released locally. So as we speak, the best of Warner 
Chilcott and the best of P&G are exploring those opportunities. And I think there is a bright future for ASACOL 
because I think we can definitely improve that product. 

<Q - Scott Henry>: Okay. Thank you. And then just very briefly on ACTONEL, and I'm not sure if this is within some 
of your filings, but could you comment just from a profitability standpoint on the magnitude of the U.S. franchise 
versus the entire world franchise there? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. Scott, it's Paul. Yeah, I give 
you a – and this is because we have to work with their data until we can get it into our format. We would look at it as 

U.S. and everything else besides the U.S. They look at it as North America which would obviously include – well, 
maybe not obviously, but also includes Canada. And if you'd looked at in 2009, their fiscal year ending June 30 of '09, 
the total net sales for ACTONEL were 1.4 billion. Roughly nine – I'm sorry, roughly 525 million of that was outside of 

North America. 

<Q - Scott Henry>: And is it fair to assume that the ex-U.S. sales are less profitable than the U.S. sales? Is this 
typically the case? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. I think that's a safe 
assumption. 

<Q - Scott Henry>: Okay. And just a final question if I could, on ENABLEX, could you just talk about how you make 
money selling that product? And just, I just want to get a sense of how important that product is within the total picture, 
given that it's a co-promote? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: Well it's an important product because 
obviously it's our first foothold in the urologists and we do have some erectile function products that we're going to be 
moving forward. But I can't give – I think Paul has some preliminary numbers as far as the profitability of the brand, 
but it would be to our benefit to maximize sales certainly of ENABLEX. And as of yet we haven't met with Novartis 
and so we're going to have to be collaborating with Novartis on how much that we're going to spend behind that brand 
because at the end of the day it is indeed their brand. 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, it's Paul. It's less than $100 
million in our revenue stream. And so it's important but it's not anything as close to what we do with the acquired 
businesses, with ACTONEL, with ASACOL and with our existing business, with DORYX or LOESTRIN 24 or even 
ESTRACE Cream. 

<Q - Scott Henry>: Okay. And I guess if I could just sneak one final question, when we look forward to getting 2010 
guidance, do you expect to be at a steady-state sort of run rate in Q1? Or will we still have a little bit of noise leaking 
into Q1? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Scott, you mean not sure – I mean 
what – depends on how you define noise. As I said earlier, 2010 will be a year where we'll be incurring transitional 
services costs and we'll also simultaneously be incurring cost to build up infrastructure, particularly outside the United 
States. I mean that is certainly noise. That said, in our guidance I think what we'll do is we'll try to identify for you, as 
we think we always have tried to be in the past. We try to be transparent and let you know what exactly what we're 
doing so that you can follow along. So I guess it depends on your definition of noise. We'll give you a look at what we 
expect our costs to be in 2010 and we'll also at that time when we have that call probably comment on what's within 
those so you can hold our feet to the fire. 

<Q - Scott Henry>: Okay. Thank you for taking the question. 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Thanks, Scott. 

Operator 

And next we'll go to Adam Greene with RBC Capital Markets. 

<Q - Adam Greene>: Hi, good morning. First just on FEMHRT, it doesn't look like Teva's launched their generic yet. 
Do they need to get their own approval for launching the product? And then second, are you going to have your own 
authorized generic follow-up as well? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: I'll take that. But we have the potential to 
have unauthorized and yes, they would have to get their own approval of an ANDA. 

<Q - Adam Greene>: Okay. So that's the getting factor here. And then on just housekeeping, on 
DOVONEX-TACLONEX in the quarter, was there anything usual there relative to purchasing or promotional support 
that would have skewed the numbers there? 


<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: No, not in the historical numbers. 
And I'd also point out that this morning we filed, and I'm glad you brought it up, Adam, we did file an 8-K that will 
help you pull apart from our historical results the DOVONEX-TACLONEX business, so you can just look at it pretty 
much naked, it's right there. And so if you haven't had a chance to pull that out, please do. There was nothing really 
unusual in there except that part of the reported decline in the sales of TACLONEX had a lot to do with us basically 
gearing up to close that sale, meaning not shipping and gearing up to actually close the sale. So there was a little of that 
going on, but other than that nothing out of the ordinary. 

As you look at that 8-K, I would submit that we showed it both on a earnings per share basis but also on an EBITDA 
basis. I'd call your attention to it on an EBITDA basis, because what you're trying to do is say, what was the impact of 
that business on an un-levered basis if I take it out. And again I think that's good material and there's a lot of disclosure 
in there. And, Paul, not just for you but everybody else that's on the call, I'd say take a look at that, it will help you 
think about us ex-TACLONEX and DOVONEX. 

<Q - Adam Greene>: Okay. I'll take a look at it. And then one last question, Paul, you actually mentioned 15 million 
of expenses in SG&A. I mean, they kind of look like one-time items and I think you said they're going to continue. 
How long will that continue for? Is it going to be the same level, round about 15 million per quarter in SG&A? And 
then why not exclude that as a one-time item as it looks like they are P&G items? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: No, it brings up an interesting 
question, whether we should call those out and add them back. And what I would say is, we will call them out as we go 
forward and report on a quarterly basis. To the extent that you as an analyst want to say, hey really on a continuing 
basis this company had better earnings than they did, we're going to adhere to what I think is a very standard definition 
of cash net income and not call those particular things out and try and add them back and say, gee we did better than 
even as reported. 

Those costs will – those are costs associated with the integration and getting us up and running and those are going to 
continue. I don't know that they'll continue at the same rate that you saw in Q3 but I can tell you as we gear up in Q4, 
I'd expect them to be pretty substantial as we get into 2010. Again as we get into our guidance we'll call them out for 
you separately. But we're not one of those companies that will try and have a table adjusting to adjusted cash net 
income with about 15 items in it. We're going to basically take our GAAP net income, we're going to add back that 
amortization and the write-off of our deferred financing fees on an after-tax basis. To the extent that you or others think 
we should be valued or you want to look at us on a different basis, of course you can do that. We'll give you plenty of 
information to do that. 

<Q - Adam Greene>: Okay. But just to be clear, they were specific expenses to close the deal. So obviously up to us 
to include or exclude, but that's what they were there for. 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, that's it. That is correct. I 
mean the vast majority of those are – I'll tell an anecdote so you get something, people get something out of the call. 
We have lots and lots and lots and lots of consultants here that are helping us with the integration and were here to help 
us gear up for day one, when we have to basically assume responsibility for a large number of functions with respect to 
a global PGP business. It's not just to close, it's really stuff that's getting us geared up for the integration. And those 
expenses will certainly continue, but we have a full cadre of consultants that are here today. 

<Q - Adam Greene>: Okay. Thanks. 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Thanks, Adam. 

Operator 

Next we will go to Gary Nachman with Leerink Swann. 


<Q - Gary Nachman>: Hi, good morning. First question, it seems like you've spent a lot less in R&D than we thought 
at the base business in the quarter. Was that because the focus shifted to the P&G deal? What's the right level of 
investment for the combined Company that we should think about? Historically I think it's been in the mid-single 
digits. Should it be higher than that going forward? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, and to be clear, we don't think 
of R&D as a percentage of revenues. But if you look at the existing business, it was indeed a light – kind of a light 
quarter for us. And it didn't reflect a change in strategy, it frankly reflected a change in timing, particularly of the 
initiation of the Phase III trials on the PDE5 that we licensed in from Dong-A. And it was more timing than anything 
else. If you go back, and so we're not reinstating our guidance, but if you look at what our guidance was for the year, 
we would have expected to spend in the range of that guidance. So it wasn't a reflection of a change in strategy. 

Interesting though as I think about us, and Roger referenced this in his remarks, as we gain some additional scale here 
through the acquisition of PGP, it give us both the human resources in terms of competency and capabilities that we 
acquire. The addition of Dr. Fawzi helps quite a bit. It gives us the opportunity to invest in what Roger described as a 
broader array of projects as we go forward. So we will – as we march forward here, we'll start to find a new level of 
investment in R&D that we would expect to go forward. Importantly, again buttressing what Roger said, we're not 
going to change our strategy completely. We will continue to focus on productivity in the investment in R&D. That's 
what we've done so far to get where we are today. I think that's the same sort of focus that we will take with respect to 
the larger organization. But as we go forward, the increased scale and the increased capability, we will have the 
opportunity to have a broader range of products – excuse me, projects under development any moment in time. 

<Q - Gary Nachman>: Roger, maybe you could just comment at a high level just some additional color on P&G's 
pipeline, how robust it was aside from the products that you talked about? Or do you guys really need to do a lot more 
work there? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: Well at this moment we're trying to digest 
everything that is there and set priorities. And as you may be aware or not aware, Dr. Fawzi actually worked at P&G at 
the beginning of his career on the bisphosphonates. And he's over there right now so we're going through project by 
project, what looks to be viable and what has to be prioritized. And it's also taking the Warner Chilcott products along 
with that and setting priorities on what we need to accomplish and what we have infrastructure right now to be able to 
work on. At the top of these priorities obviously is getting the new ACTONEL product approved and launched so 
we've got to follow up and make sure that's going smoothly. What we're doing with ASACOL has to be put in place in 
concert with the projects that are currently going on behind the oral contraceptives and erectile dysfunction products. 
So yeah, there is a lot of work going on right now, how much infrastructure we've to complete this work and setting 
priorities. They do have some interesting compounds and we'll get there, it's just a question of timing right now. 

<Q - Gary Nachman>: Okay. And then on LOESTRIN 24, obviously you're doing a great job there, but how much are 
you benefiting do you think from Yaz's problems as opposed to a restructuring of the sales force? And then do you 
expect a new low dose, that that's going to dominate the franchise longer term? Is it going to be really the top choice for 
women in that category? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: Yeah, I do. I think the success of a low-dose 
product is going to be measured by how well we're doing with 24. I know you're a student of the game and you're 
looking at new-starts and it does look like LOESTRIN 24 is the number one new-start fill. We'll begin to see that in the 
market. I won't lie to you, I think Yaz has had some negative publicity. Any time you turn on the TV, that can't be 
helpful. And it's also evident that J&J has walked out of the oral-conceptive marketplace. And that all works to our 
advantage, but you still have to have execution. Someone's still got to be front of that physician and making sure that 
they know that LOESTRIN 24 is the superior product and we've got the market moving in our direction, and we hope 
to amplify that with the new product next year. So it is a very advantaged position to be in and competitively we do 
have some advantages at this point. 

<Q - Gary Nachman>: Okay. And then can you just comment, when you shift some of the Derm sales force away 
from DORYX, focused on GI, how you expect that might affect the DORYX franchise now that you gained a lot of 


traction there? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: Well I think that's clearly in Carl's hands at 
this point. And it is a collaboration. So it's – we're learning from P&G and they're obviously learning for us and it's how 
well we can collaborate. But I think you should look at it in that, that sales force would be a bigger sales force than we 
currently have with Derm, because we have expanded targets. So if you're looking at 70 people, we're probably moving 
up to probably in that 110, 120 range because we'll be calling on both specialties. To the benefit of our DMs and our 
sales reps, that shrinks territories and gives us better coverage. But hopefully there'll be a lot of mutual learning there 
that we'll have and indeed we'll do a better job on Derm while we're doing the GI execution. 

<Q - Gary Nachman>: Okay. That's helpful. Then last question for Paul, on the current debt balance, should we 
expect you to pay down the 380 million of the 8.75 first before the other new facilities, just because that carries a 
higher interest rate? Anything preventing you from doing that? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: No I mean, it's not – doesn't prevent 
us from doing it but we'll have the opportunity to start prepaying that at a more reasonable call premium shortly. That 
said, that resides in the U.S. where it actually provides a better tax shield. So if you're looking at it on an after-tax basis, 
it's not quite as expensive relative to our other debt as you might think. So we'll – I'd say in our list of priorities, we'll 
probably start with the term debt in other locales, in other lower tax locales first. 

<Q - Gary Nachman>: Okay. Great. Thanks, guys. 

Operator 

We'll hear next from Shibani Malhotra with Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - Shibani Malhotra>: Hi, guys, thanks for taking my questions. I've got a couple of questions, first on the Sanofi 
put option. I know, Paul, you said that, that has no impact from a leverage standpoint, from a financial standpoint, but 
can you talk about how you guys are looking at it from a, I guess, more a functional standpoint, given that Sanofi is still 

– was responsible for a fair proportion of the SG&A or the spend around ACTONEL? And then on ASACOL in the 
U.K., I believe the patent has expired some time ago and we haven't seen a generic as yet. Is there any reason for us to 
– I guess is there any reason for us to think differently about that? Or can we just assume that the U.K. it is much 
tougher for the generics to come in? And then finally just on ASACOL and ASACOL HD, can you just remind us what 
the key benefits of ASACOL HD are over ASACOL? I know you said, Roger, that it's a better product, but what 
specifically are you guys looking at or promoting when you say it's a better product? Thanks. 
<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: Okay. You asked a lot of questions there. 

<Q - Shibani Malhotra>: Three. 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: Let me hit them – I'll try to get them as 
quickly as I can. At ASACOL in the U.K., there is a generic in the U.K. and it was launched in the U.K. The issue is it 
works no – it doesn't work as well as ASACOL. So in the U.K. they actually specify the brand in 90% of the cases. So 
the generic is in the marketplace, but the clinicians have found out that it doesn't perform as well as ASACOL so 
they're not using the generic. Although it's there, it is brand-specified in the U.K. As far as the put option with Sanofi, 
we're assuming that there will be no put option and it will be business as usual. And we look forward to collaboration 
with Sanofi-Aventis and the advancement of ACTONEL. 

As far as ASACOL and the HD, it is an 800 milligram dosage, but it's not twice the 400 in bioequivalence. But 
sometimes what you got to look at is how well it works. And actually if you have a lower blood level that means the 
product might actually be better in reducing inflammation at the site of inflammation in the GI tract. So we don't have 
that data, but when you look within the data, both these products probably work in maintenance. But when you have 
the acute situation, so you have a situation with an individual who also get flares. When you look at those – how it 
performs against the flare, I think you'll see a clinical benefit versus the 400, because you actually need more drug on 


board. And I think we'll be able to demonstrate these data in a relatively short period of time. 

<Q - Shibani Malhotra>: Okay. Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

And we have a couple more callers in the queue. We'll hear next from David Windley with Jefferies & Company. 

<Q - David Windley>: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. I wondered on the low-dose OC that has a PDUFA date 
coming up pretty soon, how quickly would you be in a position to launch that product? Are you doing manufacturing 
and kind of everything but the labeling prior? Or are you going to hold off on some of that? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: No, we'll be getting ready. We are – we 
have the manufacturing planned and we would be – probably strictly speaking, it's probably a second quarter execution. 
We probably could get the approval in the first quarter. But first, like we've said, there's a lot of things going on right 
now as far as getting everyone straight and certainly in the sales force and organizational things. So I think we'd get a 
PDUFA, we could get a PDUFA probably approval in February. It's going to take time to load the trade but we'll be 
ready to launch the product. The issue is when we begin promoting the product. 

<Q - David Windley>: Okay. And, Paul, you've commented before on the combined Company tax rate. From some 
digging that we've done we understand you're expecting to be able to – I guess, you're holding IP on the acquired PGP 
products through Puerto Rico and the Puerto Rican tax rate is really low. I guess I'm just wondering if we could even 
go so far as to assume that the combined tax rate might be lower than what you had, as it were, in Chilcott standalone? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. Actually what – David, what I 
said on that earlier and I'll reiterate it now, because I'm glad you asked the question because a lot of people are 
interested in this topic. As you know we did have the opportunity here through this acquisition to drop that intellectual 
property into Puerto Rico, where indeed we do enjoy a 2% tax rate. That said, those goods are still transfer priced into 
the U.S. They may have different characteristics than our existing portfolio, so that the impact may well be that our 

U.S. tax rate is – if you think about it as combined tax rate, for the Puerto Rico-U.S. circle, may actually increase based 
on the nature of those assets that we dropped into Puerto Rico. And then secondarily, what we've said is that, ex-U.S., 
you have a fair chunk of pre-tax income which occurs ex-U.S. where you don't have the same general tax structure. 
And so there that rate may be higher. And I think what I said initially when we made – announced the acquisition was 
that we would expect that we would enjoy a good tax rate, however that it would likely be higher than what we'd seen 
on a cash basis for the Warner Chilcott business pre the PGP deal. 
<Q - David Windley>: Okay. And on the TACLONEX and DOVONEX moving on, on the accounting recognition for 
those in the near term, for the, I guess, 10% of the quarter was pretty small amount in the third quarter, were those 
products recognized at something less than full ownership sales pricing for that last little stub and then that same 
application goes forward into Q4? Is that what I understood? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, there were – actually there 
were really no sales under the distribution agreement with LEO that were reflected in our Q3 results. I mean, we were 
really sort of in the transition. As I said, I think we – as a practical manner in the time leading up to the actual closing 
of transaction there was very little shipment on our part so it was basically zero. And then the transition, we would start 
really effectively at the beginning of Q4 in the distribution agreement. And to be clear, we'll record the sales, our gross 

– we'll also record the cost of sales in an approximately equal amount and so the impact will be – will have a seriously 
negatively impact on our reported margin during Q4 of this year. And we will call it out at the – when we report our 
results so we can tell you exactly what it was. Net-net, we would expect to make a little money on – I say make a little, 
little, little money on the distribution agreement with LEO. But it's – as a practical matter think of it as, we'll record the 
sales and there will be costs in cost of goods sold and of course there are costs that are buried within our own income 
statement associated with fulfilling our obligations into that agreement and net-net it's a push. 
<Q - David Windley>: Okay. All right. Thank you very much. 


<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Thanks, David. 

Operator 

And we'll take our final question from David Buck with Buckingham Research Group. 

<Q - David Buck>: Yes. Thanks. Most of them have been answered, but I'll ask just a follow-up, on the tax rate for 
Warner Chilcott standalone for the third quarter was a little bit higher than we had thought, around 22 adjusted. Is that 
indicative of what we should be thinking of for the full year? And should we be expecting that to – the combined 
Company with P&G to go up from there? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. I mean, what's interesting, 
again this is the way the accounting works, David, is we did sell DOVONEX and TACLONEX, which were Puerto 
Rican-owned assets, so the rights to DOVONEX and TACLONEX. And what you do in order to record your tax 
provision is you're basically forecasting your provision for the entire year. The mix changed. If you take DOVONEX 
and TACLONEX out of the mix, we would generate more taxable income in the U.S. than we would in – on a 
standalone basis in Puerto Rico for example. And that drove – that in part drove the costs up. The second piece that 
impacted that tax rate in Q3 was we mentioned we had incurred close – 15 plus or minus million dollars in transaction 
fees, a lot of – in transaction and other integration fees, a lot of those costs are actually incurred in jurisdictions where 
they're not tax deductible. So there were a number of things – again, just to be clear on the accounting, what you do is 
you forecast what I expect it to be for the year to the extent that your expectation for the corporate effective tax rate for 
the year goes up, you need to true it up to the end of Q3. So Q3 was perhaps a little bit above what we'd expect it to be 
for the full year and then we'll get where we need to be for the full year. As you're thinking ahead, I think David 
Windley started down this road as well, just thinking ahead I would say again we would expect a kind of – we're going 
to probably go back to talking about our taxes on what we'll call a cash-tax rate basis, which would be our total 
provision under GAAP, divided by EBTA, earnings before taxes and book amortization of intangibles. And I would 
expect that, that rate will be higher in the future than it has been as Warner Chilcott on a standalone basis. And that's a 
function of global organization and different economic dynamics as between the acquired brands and how those will be 
transfer priced into the U.S. 

<Q - David Buck>: Great. If I could just ask one for Roger on the – can you just tell us what the sales force is currently 
both ex-U.S. and U.S.? And looking at ACTONEL with it declining 25% in the U.S., I mean does that really require – 
well I guess, can you talk about what you expect in terms of sales force deployment with that asset frankly not showing 
any signs of improvement over the last few months? Thanks. I know you didn't own it, but it's obviously a declining 
asset in the U.S. 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: No, no, I understand. It's nothing personal. 
Now ex-U.S., I think there's like 700 sales people ex-U.S. That would include Canada and Western Europe. And that 
will go on, I guess, with a different outlook in that we will not be harvesting the business, but we will be looking to 
grow the business. And in the U.S. we are having the integration of the two sales forces and like I said, we're going to – 
we'll have a dedicated unit for Gastroenterology. We also have the benefit of 235 sales reps in Women's Healthcare 
who call on the Ob/Gyn who'll be able to call in on ACTONEL. 

On the P&G side, they do cover primary care and you've got to remember that that's a collaboration with 
Sanofi-Aventis. So we've got to honor that agreement and the PDEs that are required to push ACTONEL forward. And 
we certainly want to be in compliance with that agreement as we work with our partner. I do think that the dislocation 
was probably in the first quarter where we saw some of the ACTONEL drop. And I think that was primarily due with 
some of the Medicare formularies and the generic specification of what happened with Fosamax. But I think if you 
begin to look at it most recently, you will see that, that market share drop has ameliorated and it's sort of holding its 
own at this point. And we have to sit down with Sanofi and figure out how we're going to grow this brand in the future. 

<Q - David Buck>: So the U.S. sales force size then now is what? 


<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: The U.S. sales force size right now is – I 
couldn't give you a number at this point, but we can give you a guesstimate. I think Rochelle is here? 

<A - Rochelle Fuhrmann>: Yes. Well we've got 330 legacy Warner Chilcott and a little – probably roughly... 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: There's around 330 in all Warner Chilcott. 

<A - Rochelle Fuhrmann>: And about 400... 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: And about 400 in the PGP group. As part of 
the coming over, we had about 115 of the PG – P&G reps are going to be part of P&G's professional sales force going 
forward. So that number was taken down a bit because they wanted some of the sales reps to promote their professional 
products. 

<Q - David Buck>: Okay. So it was a reduction of what you had expected in the U.S. at least? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: What we had originally expected but like I 
said, we're working with P&G so that the collaboration – I mean we have an excellent relationship with P&G. And they 
wanted to do this along the way because they wanted their professional products covered and if we could work together 
to our mutual benefit, it worked out. And we're doing it – and country-by-country we're supporting one another. 

<Q - David Buck>: Okay. Thanks. 

Operator 

And at this time we have no further questions so I'll turn the conference back over to our presenters for closing 
remarks. 

Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you, Erin. Thanks, everybody, for sitting in on our call. I dare say it was a very eventful period since our last 
call. And just to recap, LOESTRIN 24 is going very, very well for us. DORYX is going well. We have the ability to 
close during the last 90 days, we closed the sale of the right to DOVONEX and TACLONEX in what we think was a 
good deal for us and a good opportunity for LEO to get their business established in the U.S. 

We were able to close the acquisition of the PGP assets during the quarter. We were able to do that with financing that 
we're very pleased with, the terms of the financing that we were able to raise. And so again, I think it was a very 
eventful productive quarter. We're looking forward to continuing with the integration. We've got a lot of hard work in 
front of us and a lot of noise in our fourth quarter here as we get going, but we are really, really looking forward to 
2010. 

And with that we will thank you for your participation. 

Operator 

Once again, ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our conference for today. Thank you all for joining us. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 


information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2009, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


