Q2 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 
• Roger Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer, President and Director 
Other Participants 

• Marc Goodman 
• Gregg Gilbert 
• Christopher Schott 
• David Buck 
• David Risinger 
• Elliot Wilbur 
• Shibani Malhotra 
• James Molloy 
• David Windley 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Warner Chilcott announces Second Quarter 2010 Financial 
Results Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a 
question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's 
conference call is being recorded. 

I'd now like to turn the call over to your host, Mr. Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial 
Officer. Please go ahead. 

Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks very much. 

Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. Earlier this morning, we reported our second quarter 2010 financial 
results and we hope that you've all had a chance to review the press release which is available on our web site. 

I'd like you to note that we are changing the structure of our earnings call, starting with today's second quarter results – 
changes based on feedback that we received from many of you. On today's call, I'll begin with an overview of our 
proposed recapitalization plan and special cash dividend. Roger will provide a general business overview. And then I'll 
turn that back to the financial highlights for our second quarter results, which I'll keep brief and focus on areas where 
we think a little additional color might be helpful to you, as you think about our second quarter financial results. We 
hope that this new format will be an improvement from our past practices and we know it will allow a little additional 
time at the end for question and answers. 

Before we get started, let me point out that on this call we'll include some forward-looking statements. These 
statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause the company's actual results to differ 


materially from such statements. These risks and uncertainties are discussed in our 2009 Form 10-K and other filings, 
which are available on our web site. 

The forward-looking statements made during this call are made only as of the date of this call and the company 
undertakes no obligation to update such statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances. In addition, we will 
make certain references during the course of this call to non-GAAP financial measures as defined by SEC regulations. 
In accordance with these regulations, we have provided reconciliations of these measures in our press release, issued 
this morning, to what we believe are the most directly comparable GAAP measures. 

Let me start by discussing the anticipated recapitalization plan we announced last Friday. We intend to incur 2.25 
billion of new debt, subject to market and other conditions to fund a special cash dividend of $8.50 per share, or 
approximately 2.14 billion to our shareholders in the aggregate. We expect the special cash dividend to be declared and 
paid before the end of the third quarter of 2010, subject to an amendment of our existing senior secured credit facilities 
and our ability to raise sufficient debt capital on acceptable terms. 

We've had several questions regarding the rationale for this special cash dividend – most notably, what the transaction 
might say about management's view of business development in the near term. Let me address these questions. 

First, we believe that the recapitalization plan and special cash dividend is an attractive way to deliver shareholder 
value by pursuing a more efficient capital structure, which incorporates additional debt at a time when we believe the 
cost of debt capital is quite attractive relative to the cost of equity capital. We traded a very modest multiple of forward 
earnings. Through this transaction, we'll provide our shareholders with something of indisputable value, $8.50 per share 
of cash, in a very quantifiable impact on our future results. 

As to what the transaction says about our view of the potential for business development transactions in the near term, 
one significant consideration, sizing the special dividend, was for it to be big enough to be impactful, while also 
meeting our requirement that we preserve access to capital to exploit potential business development opportunities in 
the near term. 

Our total leverage at June 30 was about 1.7 times our pro forma LTM EBITDA including PGP and excluding all 
amounts recognized under the LEO transaction. The recapitalization plan results in a total pro forma leverage of 
approximately 3.2 times, a level at which we feel comfortable, given our strong ability to generate cash. We also 
believe that we'll continue to have access to capital to act on strategic opportunities that may present themselves in the 
near term. 

With that, let me turn it over to Roger, our President and CEO. 

Roger Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer, President and Director 

Thanks, Paul. 

Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. I'll provide a brief business update before turning it back to Paul. 
He will provide highlights of our second quarter, our 2010 financial results. 

I'll start with an update around our key products and products awaiting FDA approval. Our latest product news was the 
announcement on July 16 that the FDA requested a three-month extension of the PDUFA date for our next generation 
ACTONEL product, which we intend to promote under the name Atelvia. For the avoidance of doubt, it's spelled 
A-T-E-L-V-I-A. The extension gives the FDA more time to review the safety data we previously submitted. 

The new PDUFA date is October 21, 2010. This three-month extension also provides us with additional time to 
continue to work on restructuring and staffing our U.S. primary care sales force and to prepare for the product launch. 
Assuming approval by the PDUFA date, we would expect to launch the next generation ACTONEL product here in the 
fourth quarter of 2010 or in early 2011. We continue to be excited about the prospects for Atelvia, which is a 
once-a-week product that eliminates the fasting requirement on dosing required by all other bisphosphonates currently 
on the market. We believe this is a strong product differentiator that will potentially allow us to address the entire 


osteoporosis market. 

The restructuring of the U.S. PCP sales force, which has promotion responsibility for ACTONEL and Atelvia, is on 
track. You'll recall that in connection with closing of the Sanofi amendment earlier in the year, we undertook a review 
of this sales force with the objective of optimizing its resources. We currently have a large majority of the roughly 375 
territory sales representatives in place. These representatives will be targeting primary care practitioners and other 
physicians that are high prescribers of osteoporosis products. 

While we're excited for the launch of Atelvia, we also recognize that we feel the impact of losing ACTONEL 
exclusively in Western Europe in the fourth quarter of 2010. ACTONEL is our most significant product outside of 
North America from a revenue standpoint. We continue to explore opportunities that would enable us to expand our 
product portfolio and leverage our infrastructure in Western Europe. 

Within our OC franchise, LOESTRIN 24 has continued its strong performance in 2010, with total prescriptions for 
LOESTRIN 24 growing over 80% in the U.S. in the second quarter of 2010, as compared to the second quarter of 2009. 
We believe that LOESTRIN 24 has the potential to continue to gain market share in 2010 and beyond. As the product 
will remain a promotional focus in the contraception, regardless of the timing of the approval and launch of our new 
low-dose OC. 

As we previously shared, we received a complete response letter from the FDA on our NDA for our low-dose OC, 
indicating that the FDA was delaying approval of the product, based on deficiencies noted during inspections of the 
third-party drug substance manufacturing facility. We remain confident that our low-dose OC will be approved. We 
cannot give assurance as to the precise timing of approval and subsequent launch. Our focus is to grow the market 
share of our portfolio of OCs, taken as a whole. So depending on the timing of the low-dose approval, that may mean 
LOESTRIN 24 or a combination of the low-dose OC and LOESTRIN 24. 

We're also hard work at growing the ASACOL HD portion of our ASACOL business. New prescriptions for ASACOL 
HD now account for over 16% of the ASACOL franchise. And the percentage of new patient starts on ASACOL HD is 
approximately 40% based on IMS data. We've done a good job of getting new patients on to HD, but we know we can 
do a better job of growing the HD portion of the ASACOL franchise. 

We continue to review the configuration of the Gastro-Derm field force to ensure that we have the right resources in 
place. The dynamics of prescription writing in the use – in the ulcerative colitis market are somewhat similar to that we 
saw in TACLONEX in the psoriasis space Most new-start patients originate with a specialist, in this case a 
gastroenterologist, with refill prescriptions gradually migrating to the primary care physicians. Our success with 
ASACOL HD will be driven by how well we do with the gastroenterologists. 

Turning now to the integration of the P&G Pharma business. The majority of the remaining integration work is focused 
on Western Europe and countries where we did not have a prior presence. Over the past few months, we've been able to 
successfully to migrate all of these – those countries into our IT systems which is a major milestone in the integration 
effort. We are on track with our integration effort and remain confident that the integration will be substantially 
competed by – completed by the end of 2010. 

Finally a few thoughts on R&D. As we continue to review and prioritize our R&D programs, we continue to explore 
more product development opportunities both internally and through licensing agreements. We noted last quarter that 
we amended our licensing agreement with Dong-A to add an exclusive license in the U.S. and Canada to develop 
end-marker udenafil for the treatment of BPH. As a result we made a $20 million licensing payment to Dong-A in late 
April pursuant to that agreement. The development work related to the indication is close to entering Phase II. 

Now let me turn things back to Paul to take you through the second quarter financial results. 

Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks, Roger. 


Let me start by reminding you that our second quarter 2010 results include the PGP business, while the prior year 
quarter did not, as we closed the PGP acquisition in October of '09. I'll continue to identify costs, including G&A 
expenses, which relate to the acquisition and integration of the PGP business, as well as the impact of the distribution 
agreement we entered into with LEO Pharma, under which we agreed to distribute DOVONEX and TACLONEX 
following the sale of those assets back to LEO last year. We continue to specifically identify these items so that you 
have a complete view of the impact they have on our operating results. 

Let's begin with the effect of the distribution agreement we had with LEO Pharma. We recognized the remaining 9.6 
million of the 68.9 million gain on the LEO transaction, which was deferred as of the closing of the transaction with 
LEO and then recognized as the associated inventory held by Warner Chilcott was sold. It's important to note that the 
tax effective deferred gain of 9.4 million recognized in Q2 is excluded from adjusted cash net income and adjusted cash 
net income per share. 

Under the LEO distribution agreement, we recorded sales of approximately 76 million and cost of sales of 
approximately 76 million related to the DOVONEX and TACLONEX, with the minimal difference being the resulting 
distributor margins. At the end of the second quarter LEO communicated their intent to assume responsibility for their 
own distribution on June 30 of 2010, which means that the second quarter will be the last quarter their revenue and cost 
of sales will be impacted by the LEO distribution agreement. 

With that, let me turn to our results. Our second quarter revenue was 816 million, an increase of 225%, compared to 
second quarter of '09, primarily due to increased net sales related to the acquired PGP products, specifically ACTONEL 
and ASACOL and the increase in LOESTRIN 24. 

Roger discussed both ACTONEL and ASACOL during his remarks. But let me just mention that the global ACTONEL 
net sales, which were 264 million during the second quarter, were relatively flat compared to the first quarter of 2010. 
ACTONEL continues to face unit sales declines due to both a decrease of prescriptions in the U.S. osteoporosis market, 
as well the continued impact of managed care initiatives encouraging the use of generic versions of Fosamax in the 
United States. I want to point out that the unit declines in the U.S. market using field prescriptions as a proxy for units 
have been improving based on the most recent prescription data. 

It was another strong quarter for net sales of LOESTRIN 24, which is now the leading branded OC in the U.S. oral 
contraception market, based on weekly IMS prescription data. LOESTRIN 24 contributed 89.1 million in net sales in 
the second quarter, up 54% from Q2 of '09, due primarily to an increase in field prescriptions of more than 80%, also 
higher average selling prices. This was partially offset by the impact of higher sales related deductions, due primarily to 
the increased utilization of the loyalty card program we launched in Q1 of '09. On a normalized basis the impact of the 
loyalty card program on the net sales of LOESTRIN 24 in the second quarter was approximately $15 per Rx. 

Turning to gross margin, we had three items in our reported cost of sales in the quarter that I want to call out. And I 
know I'm calling them out a couple times, but it's worth it so you make sure you get the right picture of our ongoing 
gross profit margin. The first two relate to the LEO transaction. Our reported revenue included that 76 million of sales 
to LEO and the same amount was included in our cost of sales. Next, during the quarter we recognized a remaining 9.6 
million of the deferred gain associated with the LEO transaction and that's in cost of sales as well. Finally, and not 
related to LEO in the quarter, we recognized an $18.5 million reduction in cost of sales, representing the reversal of a 
contingent liability relating to the termination of a contract during the second quarter. 

Adjusted for these three items, our gross margin on total revenue in the quarter was 91.8%. Let me note that we exclude 
both the deferred gain, as well as the impact from the reversal of the contingent liability in our calculation, adjusted 
cash net income and adjusted cash net income per share for the quarter. 

Turning now to operating expenses and starting with SG&A which totaled 281 million in the second quarter. Selling 
expense was 137 million in the second quarter of 2010, a decrease of 31 million from the first quarter and that is 
primarily due to the amendment of our global collaboration agreement with Sanofi-Aventis. You'll recall that that 
amendment gave us full operational control over ACTONEL in the United States beginning April 1 in return for 
ongoing payments to Sanofi. 


While there is no way in – excuse me – while there was no change in the way we book revenues based on that 
amendment, we now have full responsibility for all marketing and promotion costs and the royalty payment, which 
flows through selling expense. Our co-promotion expense declined 46 million when compared with the first quarter, 
due primarily to the amendment of the ACTONEL agreement. It's also due to the lower sales of ACTONEL outside the 
United States. 

General and administrative expenses in the quarter were approximately 118 million. As we've been reporting since we 
closed the PGP acquisition, our G&A expenses include costs directly associated with the integration of the PGP 
business, such as infrastructure cost, transaction – excuse me, transition service fees paid to P&G, severance costs, and 
professional and legal fees. 

Included in the second quarter G&A expense is approximately 13 million of professional fees related to the integration, 

15.9 million of expenses for services provided by P&G to us under the transition services agreement, 11.5 million of 
other integration costs, and 2.1 million of additional severance costs. 
As I noted in the past, we anticipate that our G&A expense throughout 2010 will continue to be impacted by costs 
associated with the PGP integration, including the cost of the transitional services performed for us by P&G, which 
runs through October of 2010, and the build-out of our operating infrastructure. We expect to be substantially done 
with the integration by the end of the year. The core amount of our G&A expense in the quarter, excluding the costs 
that I highlighted above, was roughly $75 million. 

As Roger mentioned, we recorded a $20 million up-front licensing payment in R&D expense in the second quarter of 
2010, and that's associated with our agreement with Dong-A covering udenafil for BPH. 

Net interest expense for the second quarter was approximately 43 million. We ended the quarter with a debt balance of 
approximately 2.5 billion, comprised of term loan A and B debt. Our net debt was roughly 2.2 billion. We did not make 
an optional prepayment of debt during the quarter, primarily because we took a conservative approach and held cash as 
we continued to work through the integration of the PGP business and put systems in place to more tightly manage the 
movement of funds amongst our various entities. 

As Roger mentioned, recent integration activities included major IT systems migrations. While the systems conversions 
have been successful, we took steps during the quarter to ensure that they would not disrupt our business. This included 
temporarily extending payment terms to our top U.S. customers, some of the major distributors, so that we would have 
more time to process receipt after the major systems cut-over in the U.S., which occurred on May 1. 

The impact of the temporary extension of extended payment terms resulted in a significant increase in our quarter-end 
accounts receivable balance and an associated reduction in cash generated from operations in the quarter. From a 
balance sheet and cash flow perspective, we returned to historical levels in July. 

Our reported GAAP net income in the second quarter of 2010 was approximately 115 million. Cash net income, which 
adds back the after-tax amortization of intangibles and after-tax deferred loan cost, was 269 million. Adjusted cash net 
income for the quarter, which excludes the 9.4 million of after-tax gain on the sale of certain LEO inventories and the 
after-tax impact of the 18.1 – of the 18.1 million reversal of the contingent liability – was 241 million or $0.95 per 
diluted share. And that's based on 253 million diluted ordinary shares outstanding. 

Turning to liquidity, we generated roughly 120 million of cash from operating activities in the second quarter. Cash 
generated in the quarter was impacted by the temporary extension of the payment terms I discussed a moment ago, as 
well as the amendment of the Sanofi agreement, which resulted in our payment of both the pre-amendment Q1 
collaboration payment and the entire Q2 royalty payment in the same quarter. That will normalize as we go forward. 
We did not make any optional pre-payments of term debt during the quarter. 

We also included a reconciliation of GAAP net income to adjusted EBITDA in our press release. Adjusted EBITDA, 
using the credit facility definition for Q2 of 2010, was approximately 429 million. 

Finally, let me take a moment to call your attention to the update of our full year 2010 financial guidance that we issued 
last Friday and reaffirm today. In that press release, we noted that revenue guidance for the year is anticipated to come 


in near the lower end of the guidance range of 2.9 to 2.95 billion. In addition, we made positive adjustments to other 
category ranges within our P&L. 

Gross margins in the first half of the year were, in general, stronger than we anticipated due to a number of factors that 
we expect to continue. And therefore, we currently anticipate that the full year gross margin will be 100 basis points 
higher than our previous guidance or in the range of 90 to 91%. 

In addition, upon our review of our R&D spending plans for the remainder of the year, we're anticipating full-year 2010 
spend to be slightly lower, in the range of 160 to 180 million. Let me be clear that this is the result of having a better 
view of project timelines and spend, not concerns over the viability of ongoing projects. 

Changes in the gross margin and R&D ranges result in an increase of expected cash net income and cash net income 
per share. We now anticipate cash net income per share to be in the range of $3.45 to $3.55, assuming 255 million fully 
diluted shares outstanding. Today's press release includes a detailed copy of our current full year 2010 guidance 
expectations. 

And with that, if I could open up the line for our question-and-answer. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Marc Goodman of UBS. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Marc Goodman>: Good morning. Two things, Roger. 

One is on the R&D. It's been quite a few months since you've owned the assets that you acquired with P&G? Can you 
talk about some of the projects that are in there, that came with P&G? And have you made up your mind on any of 
them? Like what are you going to keep and what you're not? What you're going to move forward on? 

And then, second of all, there's been a lot of discussion about the citizens petition that is expected, I guess, number one, 
for ASACOL. Now you have one that you're supposed to get back soon, the response from FDA, and then the one from 
Roxane. Can you discuss your thoughts on this issue? 

<A - Roger Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer, President and Director>: Two good questions, Marc. Thank 
you. 

As far as the R&D assets that we picked from P&G, you've seen some of the movement forward. Basically the HD got 
approved and obviously we're introducing HD on the ASACOL side. And interesting enough, we have another project 
that probably will be in the clinic next year, which is the next generation after HD. 

So we've done a lot of work around that, particularly with KOLs, and internally. Because there are some very talented 
people within the P&G organization that have a lot of expertise in this therapeutic area, and it allowed us to work very 
quickly in trying to identify what the next generation would be. And as I say, we will probably be in the clinic with that 
next year. 

When you looked at ACTONEL, you saw the ACTONEL. We have Atelvia. We're talking about that. And we will 
have a next-generation Atelvia in the clinic again probably in 2011. 

And we're looking forward, beyond that, into bisphosphonates. I think we're happy with bisphosphonates, and we 
believe that they – they're very effective chemical entities. We do have interest in small molecules. And we have 
established an additional chemistry unit in Dundalk. And actually we work in concert with Graham Russell and Oxford 
University. So those will be more fundamental areas in which we're looking at bisphosphonates. And that initiative has 
taken place. 


So beyond Atelvia, in the short term, we expect to have at least one product in the clinic next year, and perhaps another 
one the year after that. And basically, fundamentally, looking at small molecules as alternate bisphosphonates. 

We've also picked up some expertise in anti-infectives with P&G. We've identified a quinolone, which looks like we'll 
probably take into Phase III. It's a very promising drug. 

So you're quite right. There were probably some projects that were at least identified to go forward with P&G. I think 
most importantly, we've identified a lot of significant R&D resources in Western Europe that will be redirected to 
support U.S. operations. And there are quite a few talented people in Western Europe that will be quite helpful with our 
R&D program in the U.S. 

On the citizen petition front, you're right, we expect to hear – get an answer this month from FDA. Well hopefully we 
get a definitive answer, but we can – we'll see what it is. 

We did have the benefit of reading – Roxane has an opinion. I think the basis of their opinion is that bioequivalent and 
dissolution studies are unimportant in approval of a ASACOL ANDA. We do think they're important and I think it's an 
important fact the FDA required us – that we couldn't use the name ASACOL 800 versus the 400. Because two 400 
milligram tablets are not bioequivalent to an 800 milligram tablet, so by definition, it's not equivalent. And I think that 
the basis of any approval should include bioequivalent, and obviously dissolution data, and then demonstrate clinically. 

And I think the notion here is – any clinical, you have to conduct a non-inferiority trial, and it has to be statistically 
significant. And those bounds of statistical significance should be taken into the design of that clinical study. And we 
look forward to FDAs response on this issue. 

<Q - Marc Goodman>: Just a follow up on the R&D. Wasn't there like a cardio product that was in there? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. Azimilide which is an 
antiarrhythmic. That product won't be taken forward. 

<Q - Marc Goodman>: Okay. So you're going to stop development? Or are you going to divest it? Or what is your 
plan there? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer>: I think Tony has it. And if there's some 
value in divesting, Tony – I'm talking about Tony Bruno – I'm sure he's looking at options with that. 

It just seemed like a product that was fraught with a lot of – associated with lot of uncertainty. The antiarrhythmics are 
not simple products to bring forward. 

<Q - Marc Goodman>: And the quinolone you mentioned – I guess, two things on that. One is, when is it coming 
Phase III? And second of all, that's another primary care product, and it just sounds like you're starting to really think 
about primary care a lot more than you ever did? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, it's – well, as you're probably 
aware – I mean even the FDA is encouraging us to develop more antibiotics because of Mersa and we need some more 
choices around quinolone. There just really isn't, and we looked around and we didn't see too many quinolones being 
developed at this point. 

And you're quite right, we're looking at probably – examining which indication would be the most efficient to bring 
forward, whether that be urinary tract or respiratory tract infections. But it would have a spectrum similar to most 
quinolones, but it would be a new chemical entity. And we think it offers an opportunity. 

<Q - Marc Goodman>: And Phase III starts when? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer>: I haven't identified a Phase III start date 
yet, because the strategy has to be laid out – what indication we want to pursue. 

<Q - Marc Goodman>: Thanks. 


Operator 

Our next question comes from Gregg Gilbert from Banc of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Gregg Gilbert>: Thanks. Good morning. I wanted to spend a moment on ACTONEL. How confident are you at 
this point that you can stem the tide of the market share loss for the product? And are all the reps hired and trained? Are 
there any new programs? Or are you just sort of content with the erosion curve until you can get your new product 
approved? 

And then I have follow up. Thanks. 

<A - Roger Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer, President and Director>: Well, you sort of have the answer 
there in your question. 

We're not really content. I think if you looked at it, you'd say that we're – we're not happy with the market. I think no 
one – the osteoporosis market has shrunk. Our share of that market has basically probably flattened out. 

But the issue is we've gone from two 400-person sales forces, double-hitting clinicians, and quite frankly, not doing 
that great a job to rebuilding that whole sales force. And as we speak, we know we talk about this number of 375, and 
really, probably we're out there with 250 and rebuilding that effort. 

I think too often, we look at sales representatives in numbers. From a financial, you guys look at it and say, well, if it's 

– 300 is what it cost. But we look at more at the quality of that sales force. And it'll take a bit to season these guys. 
It's just that, at this effort, we're seeing sales reps that have been out there for six months making a difference with 
ACTONEL. So we do believe we have an opportunity with ACTONEL. We believe that risedronate is an excellent 
bisphosphonate. 

But as you're probably aware, when you come out with a new product, that's going to inject a whole new enthusiasm 
for our salespeople. And the fact that this product will be – our initial market research is very positive. Clinicians do 
understand that it is a compliance issue. 

And a lot of patients, and particularly in this age group, don't understand that if they have a cup of coffee or a glass of 
juice, they might as well have taken a placebo. So even though they understand like I can't take it with breakfast, 
they're taking it with some other form of food or drink, which probably significantly affects the efficacy endpoints on a 
lot of these bisphosphonates. 

So I think we're going to have a charged-up rule. We do really have an interesting product with a distinct advantage in 
the marketplace. 

<Q - Gregg Gilbert>: Longer term, do you have a strategy to participate in the part of the osteoporosis market that is 
not the bisphosphonates? It seems that there's a structural change going on over time in how physicians are treating the 
disease area. 

<A - Roger Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer, President and Director>: Well, I mean we really haven't – the 
way it's really change is the fact that that they're not using hormones anymore. As women move through menopause, 
we saw the use of hormone replacement therapy. For a middle aged women, there's nothing really better than estrogen 
hitting that efficacy endpoint. 

Now what we're seeing is we're sort of moving bisphosphonates earlier in the equation to replace where there might 
have used hormones. And I think you're alluding to do we get into the biologics, the macromolecules, or the proleos. 

But you've got to remember, Gregg, that you've got to use calcium all along this continuum. It seems like, if I take a 
shot every two years, plus the economics of it, it's really priced for cancer – for the cancer, which is four times that 
particular dose. I think that's the market for small molecules. And you got to remember that when we did our studies 
with bisphosphonates, the placebo group was getting calcium. So we reduced factors by 50% versus a group already 
taking calcium. 


So I think this is – a lot this is executional and I think bisphosphonates have the potential or are great products, and I 
think they are, quite frankly, under-utilized in the marketplace. 

<Q - Gregg Gilbert>: All right. Thanks for that. And then a bigger picture business development question. 

It seems that there are opportunities to further consolidate specialty pharma assets. A lot of those assets are associated 
with high tax rates. What's your appetite to pursue opportunities like this in the near to midterm? And how big can you 
go with your new capital structure? How do you think about the range of sizes you could pursue? 

<A - Roger Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer, President and Director>: I'll let Paul talk about the range of 
assets, but I think we shouldn't just focus on specialty pharma. We've had a tendency to go more to big pharma assets. 

<Q - Gregg Gilbert>: Right. 

<A - Roger Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer, President and Director>: And simply because of size. I mean, 
right now, when we look at an asset, and in the old days we'd look at a $50 million asset in hopes of growing it. But the 
reality is now we have to look at 100 or $200 million assets, just because of opportunity costs within our portfolio. 
Those opportunities tend to be few and far between, but you can't predict when they're going to occur. 

And I'll let Paul opine to the flexibility we have then when we see an opportunity and how we're going to execute. 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, Gregg, I think you're talking 
about real asset acquisitions, which we've said in the past, an asset acquisition is something we would aggressively 
pursue, if we thought it was a good asset to own. And in an asset transaction we do have the ability to drop it on top of 
our tax structure, and therefore, would expect it to add significantly to our pre-tax and after-tax. 

With this pro forma for the transaction that we're looking at here with the leverage recap, we would continue to have 
the ability to lay in an acquisition – and I'm going to be vague about it on purpose -of some scale, provided that that 
asset that we're acquiring comes with it fairly significant increased pre-tax earnings. 

And that's – if you want to characterize that, think about the segment in which we compete. If it were something that 
laid right on top of our existing infrastructure, and you have a product like many of our products, that has gross profit 
margins in the high 90s, or 90 to 90% plus – and it takes a modest amount of incremental investment on there – the 
cash flow or the operating profit that you're acquiring is helpful to you in being able to continue to go out and avail 
yourselves of debt capital to finance an acquisition. 

So I said we very carefully though about our next 12 to 18 months when we sized this deal that we announced, because 
we don't want to leave ourselves in a position where we can't respond to opportunities to acquire attractive assets. So 
we think we left ourselves with enough flexibility to make acquisitions that will matter. 

<Q - Gregg Gilbert>: Thank you. 

<A - Roger Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer, President and Director>: Thanks, Greg. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Chris Schott of JPMorgan. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Christopher Schott>: Great. Thanks. Just to start with, a couple questions on the 2010 guidance. 

First, gross margins, second time you've raised that range for the year, and obviously you're generating a lot stronger 
results there. Can you just elaborate a little bit more in terms of what's driving that upside? Is this a mix issue or is this 
just better performance than you expected? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer>: It's Paul speaking. There's a couple 
things going on there. 


At the point in time when we generated our initial guidance for 2010, we had owned and managed the PGP assets for a 
grand total of about two months. And we were operating on someone else's systems under a transition services 
agreement, looking at someone else's accounting techniques for how do they assign cost of goods sold, et cetera. 

And I think faced with that environment, perhaps you, like me, would look at it and say, I don't want to be wrong on 
this one, on the wrong side. I'm prepared to the wrong and say, gee, it's a little better than I thought. And so there's an 
element of that. 

Beyond that, we are continuing to take steps, as we always do, to tighten up on all expense areas, and one of the areas is 
within cost of goods sold. We now have a number of manufacturing facilities. We are endeavoring as best we can to 
bring as much manufacturing in house, which provides us with better utilization of the facilities that we have and the 
facilities that we've acquired. 

And then last is mix. Mix matters, and we're getting better at forecasting it. And the result is that we've raised our range 
for this year to 90 to 91%. 

<Q - Christopher Schott>: Right. Also, can you help me understand your 1.2 to $1.25 billion SG&A guidance for the 
year? It looks like we're at about 600 million through the first half, with what appeared to be a lot of kind of 
non-recurring expenses in there. 

What keeps SG&A at this 300 million or so a quarter in the second half, as it sounds like some of those P&G related 
integration expenses start to fall away, particularly as we get later in the year? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer>: Well, one is head count is going up. I 
mean, Roger referenced in his comments, we're continuing to build up that primary care sales force. And as he 
mentioned and confirmed, that we're at roughly 250 of the roughly 375 territories that we're looking to configure there. 
So you'll continue to see head count go up. 

And secondarily, I'll point out that even though we are, I think, well now down the road on the integration front, we 
have a lot of work to do between now and let's say December 31 in order to enter 2011 as we want to enter 2011, which 
is clean as we can be and all buttoned down. 

I went through the analysis, and I think you people – within the G&A number, which I hope people find helpful, to try 
and give you a handle on what you think the core G&A number is as we go forward. And for the second quarter in a 
row, it's hovering around that sort of $75 million number. I want to just to be full and fair, I mean that number could 
end up being 80. It could end up being 73 or some number. But it seems to be settling in an area where that should be 
helpful to you, as you think about not so much the balance of this year, but maybe – because our reported results will 
continue to include all these integration costs – but as you think about years beyond 2010. 

So I think those are the two main factors. It's the continued build out of sales forces, and second is that we continue to 
have significant costs associated with the integration. And those don't necessarily decline on a linear basis. In fact, they 
bump around. 

<Q - Christopher Schott>: Great. That's helpful. Final question is on the next generation of ASACOL that you 
referenced earlier. Can you give us a little bit of color and just remind us what type of clinical program would be 
required for a product like this? Maybe just for some perspective, how quickly was ASACOL HD able to move from 
entering the clinic to go to market? Thanks. 

<A - Roger Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer, President and Director>: Well, ASACOL HD, which P&G 
developed – I think from the idea, moving forward took years. 

However, once you identify the – unfortunately, when you're doing an ulcerative colitis study, it's generally a 
multi-center study. Very difficult to recruit in the U.S. Sometimes significant recruitment has to happen in Eastern 
Europe. But as you begin, that's basically – in our point of view, that's probably a two, three year execution. First of all, 
we would have to identify dose form, which we have identified a dose form and then it's the execution of the clinical. 


And in fact, you have to make a decision whether you're going to do a non-inferiority trial, which basically ASACOL 
800 was or the HD or you're going to do a placebo-controlled trial. So you have to make decisions around that. And 
then you have to obviously size your study to statistical significance and then the execution part is not trivial. So these 
are – UC studies are relatively difficult studies to execute, but if you have a track record of doing these studies and 
fortunately what we picked up from P&G was the infrastructure that did, in fact, the clinical infrastructure that executed 
on HD. So we have an experienced clinical team in the gastroenterology front and they indeed will be doing – working 
on a next generation ASACOL. 

<Q - Christopher Schott>: Great. Thanks so much and congrats on the quarter. 

<A - Roger Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer, President and Director>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from David Buck of Buckingham Research. Please go ahead. 

<Q - David Buck>: Yes. Thanks for taking the questions. First on Atelvia. Roger, can you talk you a little bit about 
what type of direction you've had so far with managed care? Secondly on, I guess for either Roger or Paul on 
ENABLEX, what led to the sequential growth in the co-promotion income? And is that a good run rate for the year? 
And then finally in terms of the decision to make the payout of the special dividend. What messaging should we take 
about your confidence in next year's forecast? Obviously, this year is a little bit higher, but what does the decision to 
take on additional debt tell you about next year's outlook? Thanks. 

<A - Roger Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer, President and Director>: As far as Atelvia in managed care, 
yes, we've had discussions with managed care and basically to keep whacking the Atelvia on top of the ACTONEL. 
ACTONEL is widely available. I think there's probably significant Tier 2 coverage. It looks as though our strategy will 
be continue to leverage that position with managed care and I believe we have sort of a six month window in which we 
can move it in and it should not be a problem getting in on managed care formularies. 

As far as the ENABLEX, yeah, you've noticed that the ENABLEX actually has moved forward a bit and it looks like 
we've got Rxs moving in the right direction. I think that's all part and parcel of execution with the urologist and we're 
very hopeful around that because obviously we have a – we're going to be expanding into a new ED product and we 
believe ENABLEX is an opportunity to again, create market leadership. For the last query, I think Paul will... 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, I mean, Dave, I think your 
question was how you should think about management's views on the future in light of the transaction we announced. I 
think that by announcing a transaction I think we're firming our confidence in our future here. I said in my opening 
remarks there that as we look at the way we're valued in the marketplace, we look and say, okay. We are quite 
confident in our future. We think we have a lot of good things in our current pipeline, if you want to think of – pipeline 
is probably the wrong choice of words there. 

But there's the assets that we have and the things that we know and the things that we're working on, we feel quite good 
about our future and then lastly, as I said, we sized this deal in a way that we should be, continue to be able to execute 
on opportunities that present themselves. So I think it speaks about management's confidence about the future as 
opposed to something we would do defensively. 

<Q - David Buck>: Just to follow-up with that, Paul or Roger. How big an influence did the former private equity 
sponsors have in that decision? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, this was a decision and it's a 
company decision. This was something that Roger, myself and the members of the management team, we're looking 
and we're saying, what is the best thing for our company. Yes, we have equity sponsors and yeah, they are very 
significant shareholders and I'm confident that for them, like all of our shareholders, they view this transaction in a 
positive light. But this is something where our company, and I'll use the example of Roger and I talked about in the 


past. There were times last year and early part of last year we come to the end of the quarter, we'd reduce our debt by 
couple hundred million dollars and the argument would be gee, the enterprise value stayed the same and say, well great. 

I should have seen the $200 million increase to my equity value, and yet our shares would be flat or trade down. So 
here what we're doing is we are giving shareholders something of, as I said, undisputable value. $8.50 a share, the 
company continues to be very solidly capitalized, enabled at, able to take advantage of opportunities that present itself, 
and we're pretty comfortable with our future. Those were discussions that were started with Roger and myself and 
others within the company and were brought to our Board, and that's how we're moving forward. 

<Q - David Buck>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from David Risinger of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 

<Q - David Risinger>: Thanks very much. Good morning, guys. I have a number of questions. I guess first on the 
financials. Maybe, Roger, you could just discuss ASACOL a little bit? I know that in the first quarter the sales were 
depressed by wholesaler inventory destocking, but it was up 17% sequentially. And maybe you could just comment on 
whether the second quarter revenue number is sort of a good go forward to use as a baseline or whether there was any 
stocking that occurred in the second quarter? 

<A - Roger Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer, President and Director>: David, I'm a big fan of Rxs. And one 
of the things you just really can't control is stocking and destocking. I think one of the things that we can tell you from 
an Rx point of view as we progress, the ASACOL HD number, you can't look at the total Rxs, but you have to look at 
the percentage that has moved to HD, because the HD is economically more favorable because patients are taking more 
milligrams per day. 

So even within turning that into a financial, you sort of have to blend the Rxs together. I think the most hopeful thing 
we've seen is that 40% of new starts are moving into the HD and what will happen over a period of time, and we 
believe that's going to be reflected in the financial performance of ASACOL. However, it's not always that linear, just 
simply because of the dynamics of stocking and destocking. And I think Paul's going to opine too. Now he's the guy 
that tries to figure out how much is in the trade. 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. And let me give you a couple of 
stats. And you're looking sequentially, I'm sure? 

<Q - David Risinger>: Yeah. 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. Sequentially, the Rxs were up just 
about a percent. As Roger said, some of that comes in the form of higher value ASACOL HD scripts relative to 400. 
During the quarter it was a strong quarter from the perspective of gross to net in Q2 was better and there was a bit of 
stocking. 

If you recall, Q1 it was kind of from an inventory standpoint it's about kind of a flattish order and there was a bit of 
stocking in Q2. But as Roger said, these things, you can drive yourself crazy trying to predict what's up and what's 
down, but the general thing is Rxs were up slightly. Gross to net was better and relative to Q1, there was a bit of stock. 

<Q - David Risinger>: That's very helpful. And then couple more questions. Could you, Paul, talk about the tax rate in 
the quarter? It was above 20% and the outlook for the tax rate? And then on R&D, excluding the one-time charge, the 
operational R&D spending appears to be at like a $31 million run rate. Is that the way to think about your operational 
R&D spending? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, I'll take the tax rate first. 
Remember, the tax rate, we try to guide to that EBTA type tax rate, so the total tax revision divided by earnings before 
taxes and book amortization and we've got that 12 to 13% for the full year. How that lays out just by pure accounting 


over the course of the year, your corporate effective tax rate will bounce all over the place because the way you actually 
record your tax provision is based on the expectation for the full year. 

So if you just look at our guidance for total tax provision for the full year, and that will give you a rough idea where it 
will sort out, okay? And then with R&D, yes, we did continue to maintain our guidance in the range for 160 to 180 and 
that's reflective of what we expect to spend in the second half of the year, based on the programs that we know that we 
have that are ongoing. Yeah, I did say that the fact that we've got reduced spend estimates for the full year was based 
not on the cancellation of projects, but based on timing and other cost estimates with respect to the things that we've 
going on. So it's right now we're comfortable with 160 to 180 for the full year. And that includes the milestones, I 
might point out. 

<Q - David Risinger>: Okay. And I appreciate you taking all my questions here. I've got two more, so one numbers 
question and then one on the new ACTONEL. So in terms of the second half of 2010, if I take your guidance for the 
full year and back out the first half cash EPS, it would imply that, well simply doing the math, 350 less the first half 
cash EPS of 183 yields 167. 167 is down 9% versus the first half, which seems to be overly conservative since the 
second half EPS should rise. Maybe you could comment on that? And then separately, in terms of the new ACTONEL, 
I had been assuming a simple swap of the existing ACTONEL once weekly for the new once weekly, but you 
mentioned that you have a new brand name for the product. Could you just talk about the transition plans there? It 
doesn't seem that you can pull the exiting ACTONEL from the market like I had assumed and it sounds like you're 
going to be building an entirely new brand, so do I have that right? And then will you do DTC to build that new brand 
or how are you thinking about launching an entirely new brand in the osteoporosis market? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, David, it's Paul. I'll start with the 
question with respect to the second half. I mean, we provide the full year guidance. Yes, you can subtract the other first 
half of the year. There are couple of things I'd just call your attention to in the second half of the year. Notably, we lose 
exclusivity for ACTONEL in the later part of the year, and that certainly plays into what our expectations are for the 
second half of the year. The other is that costs are not linear. I mean, we just talked about one of them, where you said, 
yeah, can't get to your number for R&D or it doesn't look like I can get to your number for R&D, but our expectation is 
that we'll spend those monies. 

We also talked about what might go on in SG&A with respect to continuing to build out head count, with expectations 
of costs that will be incurred in the second half of the year with respect to the ongoing integration of the PGP business 
and our business. So one of the things I like about providing the full year guidance is it takes theses pluses and minuses 
out of it. And I think it would a mistake to look at one quarter and multiply it by 4. It would be a mistake to take six 
months and multiply it by 2, unless you feel like you know something that's different or you feel something different 
about the way we see our business for the year that differs from the guidance that we provided. 

<A - Roger Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer, President and Director>: Yeah, on the Altelvia front, yeah, I 
guess people thought that this was just simply a line extension and this was the old switch program. If you were on 
ACTONEL, then you're going to switched to the next ACTONEL. But actually the FDA was concerned that people 
would be confused if we called it ACTONEL and that existing ACTONEL users might be confused and that they could 
actually take their ACTONEL with breakfast, so it was their request that we put a new trademark on it to minimize any 
confusion that existing ACTONEL users or any users of bisphosphonates could take the product with food. So we do 
believe this is a significant advantage. We will treat it as obviously as a significant new product in the marketplace, and 
it's not only switching ACTONEL users or the potential for compliance problems, and we know compliance is a 
significant issue out there. Our consumer research indicates that nearly a third of patients take their bisphosphonate, 
and it's not only ACTONEL, it's Fosamax or Boniva, with some form of food or drink. So it's not switching ACTONEL 
to Atelvia, it's switching Fosamax or alendronate patients to Atelvia for the compliance and also Boniva. 

Will we do any DTC? Yes, we will initially do DTC to gain awareness, both from patients and physicians, because this 
is a significant advantage over the existing products. And just from a physician's point of view, trying to explain to a 
patient how and when to take this type of product. And this is where we've seen the evolution of bisphosphonates go to 
once-a-month because quite frankly, patients have to figure out how to take it, take it with 8 ounces of water, you can't 


take it with a meal and as a result, sometimes with this monthly dose we've seen significant increased GI upset. So 
hopefully, we're going to meet the needs and this is going to be positioned as a brand-new unique bisphosphonate 
which is consistent the way we're going to treat this asset. 

<Q - David Risinger>: That's great. Thanks and congrats on the news flow. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Elliot Wilbur of Needham & Company. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Elliot Wilbur>: Thanks. First question for Paul just simply on cash. Is this quarter's differential between 
operating cash flow and cash net income somewhat of anomaly and I should basically expect operating cash flow to 
pretty much track in line with adjusted cash net income expectations over the balance of the year? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer>: Yes, I mean, as I said that the second 
quarter, mainly it was respective of those two major items that resulted in our cash flow from ops being below what 
you I think would normally expect. And that was the extension of extended terms because we frankly did not want to 
be processing a lot of transactions while we were converting the PGP units to our U.S. SAP systems. And the second 
was a function of the change in the payment terms around the Sanofi ACTONEL co-pro agreement in the U.S. and just 
to give you the full picture of that. In that past we paid quarterly in arrears 45 days after the end of the quarter, and now 
we pay in the current quarter. 

And so that was a pretty sizeable change. You put those two things together and our cash flow in the quarter was not 
what it would have been in a normal circumstance. Thanks for the question, because it lets me buttress this. I 
mentioned in my remarks by July we're back to normal levels. What that means is if inventory comes back to a normal 
level, you generate a lot of cash. You don't have the delta in the payment terms with respect to the ACTONEL co-pro, 
so things are kind of back to normal. So I think it would be reasonable for you to assume that the balance of the year 
there's a tighter correlation between cash and income and free cash flow. 

<Q - Elliot Wilbur>: Okay. And then going back to your early commentary on sort of what to think about in terms of 
normalized SG&A. I guess I mean is it as simple as sort of looking at that core number of roughly 75 million a quarter, 
plus or minus a couple of percentage points, then thinking about roughly an additional, I think, 125, 150 reps to be 
added at some point in time, add 175, 200,000 annually, then that's just kind of what the build should be sort of in terms 
of normalized SG&A? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. I mean, that's a reasonable 
assumption, I think that we use, because we like to use nice round numbers, we think of a territory that's cost us about 
$200,000 all in and that's just a stat that we use. But yeah, try to break it apart. The G&A piece is the piece that's got a 
lot of noise in it because of the integration costs and everything we've got going on and will have going in through the 
balance of the year. So as I said, I think that we're calling out that core G&A number hopefully because it's helpful to 
all of you on the phone and people that look at our company. 

And then secondarily, you do have to take into consideration we are scaling up that selling expense line that we do. We 
report that separately. You can see it in the press release and you'll see it in our Q, so that you can start to draw a point 
of view about what you think that will look like as you go forward. So I said earlier in the year, as we get through the 
year, you're going to get a clearer picture of what future years look like and I think you're starting to get that picture. 

<Q - Elliot Wilbur>: Okay. And a question on the ACTONEL franchise as well. You made some, I guess, similar 
commentary around ASACOL, but it looks like given kind of the differential in sales and scripts that there was maybe a 
buy in ahead of the recent price increase as well. Is that's a reasonable assumption? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer>: That's not a reasonable assumption. First 
of all with the old days of buy-ins ahead of price increases, that doesn't happen or I shouldn't say it doesn't happen. The 
degree to which it may happen out there is a fraction of what it used to be in the bad old days. We have IMA 


agreements with all of our distributors. We know what their inventories are. In some cases there's no benefit to them 
buying ahead of a price increase, so that's not it. I think and I'm glad you asked this question as well because it lets me 
spit something out that I was hoping somebody would ask. 

We said last quarter people looked at the U.S. sales of ACTONEL and said, wow, this is not what I was expecting and 
we highlighted the fact that the gross to net in Q1 was substantially lower than what you would expect it to be for the 
full year. One of the things that was helpful with respect to the U.S. sales of ACTONEL this quarter was that gross to 
net goes back the other way. It goes from a low number to a higher number, will now normalize over the balance of the 
year. That's an accounting quirk more than anything else and so that was helpful and we called that out. 

I'd say that as you're looking at that sequentially, we called out, and we said ACTONEL in Q1 there was a contraction 
of inventory. In Q2 it was flattish, so that's a big difference. Those are all – that's other than the fact that if you look 
sequentially that Rxs were down 8.5% from Q1, each of those other factors, gross to net and inventory, both went in 
your favor. 

<Q - Elliot Wilbur>: Okay. And then just one last question on ACTONEL franchise for Roger. Just in sort of looking 
at the pricing dynamics for the franchise, and I guess some of the recent price increases versus historically what's taken 
place there. I mean, obviously they've been a little bit higher under Chilcott's watch than previously and I guess 
conventional wisdom would that you have a product that's being disadvantaged vis-à-vis price versus generics in the 
category, but you're sort of stepping up pricing inflation on the product. And maybe that probably actually works in the 
unusual world of pharmaceuticals, so maybe you could an just talk about that a little bit in terms of giving folks a little 
bit of comfort that's not going to actually work against you in terms of kind of arrest the deceleration in scripts? 

<A - Roger Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer, President and Director>: Yeah. Kind of interesting that people 
look at the – they consider the economic price of the product associated with we priced it to the trade. Basically, the 
economic price of a product to the patient is multiple. One of it is the fact that we do produce samples that we distribute 
so that clinicians can actually have the patient try the product, see if they tolerate the product and it works before there 
is any economic outlay. The other thing is we do provide a card, a patient card which allows the patient pays no more 
than $50 out of pocket for any ASACOL HD prescription. 

So we actually we make this product available, I think, fairly efficiently to the patient. So the patient indeed isn't 
disadvantage on the cash front. So you might look at the price increases and say, and you can track them back. I don't 
think they're that onerous as far as price increases are concerned, but there are rebates all along the line that are 
provided to managed care, to patients that reduce the economic price. And I think most importantly is the patient 
actually gets to try the product and find out the product works before they make out any economic outlay. 

<Q - Elliot Wilbur>: Okay. Thank you for fielding the questions. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Shibani Malhotra of RBC. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Shibani Malhotra>: Thanks, guys, for taking my question. Just very quickly, Roger, this is a question for you. 
Can you just talk us through your expectation around an FDA approval for ACTONEL next gen in October? There's a 
lot of confusion as the exactly what the FDA is looking for, so if you could talk us through that? That would be great. 
And then second, again on ACTONEL, is it fair to assume that even if you do get an approval in October, you're likely 
to launch the product in Jan, just because you want to make sure your sales force is up and running before then? 
Thanks. 

<A - Roger Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer, President and Director>: Well, the second question is if it were 
approved in Jan, the issue there would be if it's approved towards the end of January, it's just the logistical nightmare of 
the fact that you have to deal with Thanksgiving and Christmas and holidays at the end of the year, where clinicians are 
trying take their vacation, the offices are packed and generally, you can organize yourself better, get prepared and 
launch January 1 when everybody is back in the office and logistically it's a lot easier to launch. 


So that's the thinking about a fourth quarter approval. It's more logistics than anything else. As far as I cannot opine to 
what FDA is thinking. I wish I could, but I can only tell you what is objective. They did give us a 90 day extension on 
the review. They didn't produce the review, obviously. They work and as we've told you before, they were interested in 
the biopsy data, which we have presented to them. Their issue was were these patients getting actually too much 
risedronate and would that result in freeze bone. 

We have provided them the data. They're going to take some time I believe to review the data. We have pro forma 
labeling in hand. We're going through that process. We are being led to believe that we should be able to get to the 
finish line, I believe it's October 24, and we're taking that date pretty seriously. I've been through a few of these. It 
looks like we're proceeding well. Their only issue here, I shouldn't say only, is sort of the safety. And the other thing 
we'll have the benefit is we will have the benefit now of we submitted now one year data and now we have the benefit 
of having two years of data and the data looks excellent from both an efficacy and safety point of view. 

<Q - Shibani Malhotra>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Jim Molloy of Caris & Company. Please go ahead. 

<Q - James Molloy>: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Just a quick follow-up on that, so the two year data, 
is that in fact you've submitted that and that's the cause of the delay and then sort of confirm that you guys are in 
labeling discussions on Atelvia? 

<A - Roger Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer, President and Director>: Yeah. Well we have. We're saying 
that the two year data, the two year data is not the basis of approval. The basis of approval is the year data. The reason 
we had to wait for two years is to get the result of the biopsy, which is done along the way, but you have to wait until 
the study is complete. So there's a 12 month safety run out on it, but while you're collecting that data, you're also 
getting your efficacy data as we move along that continuum. 

<Q - James Molloy>: Yeah, before you had guided to the potential that the FDA may ask that data and potential six 
month delay, but to the best of your knowledge, the FDA now has all the data they want and who knows what the FDA 
will do, but as far as you can tell, this three month delay should be it? 

<A - Roger Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer, President and Director>: That should be it. 

<Q - James Molloy>: Okay. Thank you. And then a quick follow-up. Margins, obviously Paul, talking about the 
margins, the SG&A. Before you guys brought P&G, you were at a 50, in the 50% operating margin space. In the 40% 
range now. Obviously there's a lot of expense that came over and I think you're being very clear about some of those 
will be going away. Do you think you can get back at a bigger picture level, can you get back to the 50% range for 
operating margins with the Procter & Gamble Group on board? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer>: The answer is yes. That's what we strive 
for. I mean, one of the things we're most proud of in our history was that after we spun-off from Lambert and once we 
turn profitable in February of 2000 is that we've been able to not just grow our top line, but also grow our bottom line 
and maintain margins that were very attractive by being very efficient with not just our sales force, but driving costs 
down in G&A and being very efficient with the dollars that we invest in R&D. 

I think on a kind of a backward looking pro forma basis, we're kind of in the mid 40s now and that's pro forma meaning 
you take out all of the impact of the DOVONEX and TACLONEX and the LEO agreement and you add in P&G as if it 
had been here for the entire period. We're in the mid 40s, and yeah, it would be an internal goal to get it back to that 
magic 50% line. Two ways you that are, as I just said, efficiency with cost and second is if we're able to grow our 
various franchises that will certainly help us along the way. 


<Q - James Molloy>: And two final quick questions. The ASACOL HD percentage among GIs? And then, Roger, I 
know that you'd guided before to 400 reps mid-summer and you're at 250. Obviously I'm sure it's not for lack of trying. 
What are hurdles that are there that keep you from getting to 400 and when do you think you'll be there? 

<A - Roger Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer, President and Director>: The second question is trying to get – 
I mean I think we're going to get there. One of the issues that you got to remember behind all this is district sales 
managers, actually district sales managers are more important than the reps, because they are the true leaders. And what 
we've been trying to do is move district sales managers, high performing sales reps who have the opportunity to be 
leaders out of our highest performing sales force, which is our OB/GYN sales force. So we've been trying to accelerate 
that to move them into place obviously to train and recruit the new sales representatives. So you just kind of take your 
time with that, because they can be excellent sales reps, but leadership is another quality that's not always associated 
with being the excellent sales representative. 

So Carl's been working on that very diligently and I think now we've got to 250 and remember, you put them in place 
and you either got to find out is if indeed you have a good sales rep and that unto itself takes about six months. So we're 
moving along, but this is a significant investment, as you can see the return on that OB/GYN sales force and you got to 
remember some of this was also going along because we've expanded that derm/gastro group and we're trying to or I 
guess we are improving the quality of that execution also. So that indeed is happening. As far as breaking out GI 
market share with the gastroenterologists, I can't give you a specific number, but I will assure you that we have a higher 
percentage in GI than we do in primary care as far as HDUs 

<Q - James Molloy>: Thank you for taking the questions. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Dave Windley of Jefferies. Please go ahead. 

<Q - David Windley>: Thanks. On the R&D spend, I think you've kind of covered, Paul, the level operationally and 
addressed fact that it jumps around a little bit, I guess. Is it possible short of guidance to talk about what that trend will 
be moving into 2011? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer>: Yes, we can talk about just generally. 
Roger and I, every year, when we go through the planning process, looking at the next year and we look at all of the 
projects that we'd like to undertake. And we would love to undertake 50 projects if we had the capacity to do it and had 
the ability to do it. With the greater scale that we have now post PGP, we have a larger access to a pool of moneys to 
invest in R&D projects. And we would like to pursue lots of things. Roger referenced some of them in his remarks. 
Certainly now we have a broader portfolio, which means that the normal kind of activities you've come to expect of us 
of looking at our existing franchises and how do we make our products better, we will put lots of things into the hopper 
as we go forward here. And our goal would be to increase that spending, not decrease it. 

We're not looking at skinnying down our R&D spend. It's important to us that we continue to invest in both types of 
R&D projects, one being ones that help us to sustain our existing franchises and the other being things that we can add 
to our portfolio. So we're pretty excited now as we built out our group. We added some very – they are very solid 
individuals into our R&D team led by Dr. Mahdi Fawzi, who joined us from Wyeth. We're building out that effort. 
Roger made reference to the municipal chemistry group that we're putting in place in Dundalk, Ireland, if we add that 
to our capability up in Northern Ireland. So we are continuing to look for ways to invest in our future by deploying 
additional dollars in R&D. I will – one caveat on that, David, is we're not going to go to the point where we're suddenly 
going to start investing in the higher dollar, unbelievably high risk, high reward type projects. We're sticking pretty 
close to our R&D strategy, which is where we're looking at things we think have reasonable cost associated with them, 
reasonable time lines associated with them and probability of commercial success under our ownership. So I hope that 
answers you question. 


<Q - David Windley>: Yes, it does. Thank you. And I'd like to ask a follow-up nearer term question on the SG&A. I 
followed the comments about moving part there as well, one of those being the sales force. I guess I want to clarify. Is 
it 375 territories or 400 that you're ramping to on the PGP force? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, that is a difference from what we 
talked about recently. So I'm glad you highlighted it, but yeah, it's 375 is the new configuration. But there are other of 
our sales forces where we're looking at increasing slightly. I mean we at the margin, especially for folks who are 
following us for a long time, Roger and Carl and the entire team here in the U.S. and then Hans and his team outside 
the U.S. So we don't sit still and say, it's 400 and that's the right number. We continually look to see where we 
optimize, where we'd be better served deploying 25 territories elsewhere. 

<A - Roger Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer, President and Director>: I'd rather it be 400. I just don't think 
we can take it on. The limiting factor we have here is district sales managers ready to move forward. And basically 
sometime we're limited on size just because of the limits of the management team to direct the sales force. 

<Q - David Windley>: So I'd like to just follow-up on the level of spend there. It seems like you've got in the quarter 
280 million of – 281 million of SG&A. You called out something like 40 to $42 million of essentially one-time or short 
duration type expenses that should wind off. If you add 125, 150, 200 sales reps, that's a fraction of that number. I'm 
just kind of getting back to an earlier question about a 300 million a quarter type run rate. It seems like there's more 
evidence to point to the downside of 281 than the upside of 281 sequentially? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. I mean, we just sort of – not to 
avoid the question, but we'll stand by our guidance for the full year. 

<Q - David Windley>: Okay, all right. Very good. Thanks for taking the question. 

<A - Roger Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer, President and Director>: Thank you. 

Operator 

I'm showing no further questions at this time and would like to turn the call back over to Paul Herendeen. 

Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 

Yeah. Thank you very much. Thanks, everybody, for participating in our call. I hope that the tweaks that we're making 
to our format will make this more productive. I think we had good questions today and hope you got out of this call 
what you were looking for. 

Thanks very much and we'll talk to you again when we next have an opportunity. Thanks. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference. You may all disconnect and have a wonderful day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 


© COPYRIGHT 2010, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


