Q4 2009 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
• Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President 
Other Participants 

• David Risinger 
• Gary Nachman 
• David Buck 
• Elliot Wilbur 
• John Newman 
• Scott Henry 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Warner Chilcott announces fourth-quarter and full-year 2009 
financial results. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. [Operator instructions]. I would now like to turn 
the conference over to your host, Mr. Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please go 
ahead. 

Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you, Ally. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining the call. Earlier this morning, we issued a press 
release that details of our fourth-quarter and full-year 2009 results; hopefully, you've had a chance to review it. Copies 
of that press release are available on the Company's Web site. Roger and I will take a few moments to give a general 
business overview and we'll briefly review fourth-quarter 2009 financial results, which will be followed by a Q&A 
period. 

As we said on our guidance call earlier this year, our fourth-quarter and full-year financial results are bit messy as the 
two major transactions, first, the acquisition of PGP at the end of October and the effective sale of the rights to LEO 
products at the end of September make comparisons with the prior year's results and even sequential quarters difficult 
to interpret. 

As I talk about our financial results, I'll focus on fourth quarter and will try to call out items that may be helpful to you 
as you think about our go-forward prospects. Before I start, let me point out that on this call we will make 
forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to a number of risk and uncertainties that could cause the 
Company's actual results to differ materially from such statements. These risks and uncertainties are discussed in our 
2009 Form 10-K, which we'll file later today and expect that it will be available on the SEC's Web site. 

The forward-looking statements made during this call are made only as of the date of this call and the Company 
undertakes no obligation to update such statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances. In addition, we may 
make reference during the course of the call to certain non-GAAP financial measures as defined by the SEC 
regulations. In accordance with these regulations, we have provided reconciliations of these measures in our press 


release issued this morning to what we believe are the most directly comparable GAAP measures. 

With that let my turn to things over to Roger Boissonneault, our President and Chief Executive Officer. Roger? 

Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President 

Thanks, Paul. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. I will provide a brief business update before turning 
it back to Paul, who will provide an overview of our fourth-quarter and full-year '09 financial results. Let me talk 
through some of the areas of focus for us currently. 

First, we are on track with the integration of the PGP pharma business. The acquisition gave us a presence in many of 
the major pharma markets around the world that we continue to build out the infrastructure needed to effectively 
manage a global business. The majority of this effort is focused on Western Europe, in countries where Warner Chilcott 
did not have a prior presence. 

Second, we continue to review and prioritize our R&D programs. Our approach to R&D remains the same, with the 
focus on the productivity of R&D and investment in low cost, high probability of success projects. That said, the 
increased scale and development capabilities resulting from our acquisition of PGP enables us to explore a broader 
array of product development opportunities. 

Next, we are focused on the promotional priorities of our sales efforts both in North America, primarily in U.S., and the 
rest of world. In the U.S., we have reorganized our U.S. sales force to optimize the PGP product assets and to leverage 
our extended sales resources. 

We created a combined urology and gynecology, or Uro Gyn team, which has promotional responsibilities for our 
women's health-care and urology products: Actonel, Loestrin 24, ESTRACE Cream and Enablex. This roughly 
260-territory team is made up of primarily sales reps from the legacy Warner Chilcott women's health-care field force. 
A high priority for the Uro Gyn team is the promotion of Loestrin 24. 

We have been pleased with the performance of Loestrin 24 during '09, and particularly the most recent trends. Total 
prescriptions for Loestrin 24 grew approximately 24% for the full-year '09 as compared to '08. The brand finished '09 
with nearly an 8% share of the new prescription in the hormonal contraceptive market, compared to 5% at the end of 
'08. We believe that Loestrin 24 will continue to gain market share throughout 2010 as the product will remain a 
promotional focus in contraception, even after the launch of the new low-dose OC. 

As we previously disclosed, we received a complete response letter from the FDA on our NDA for our low-dose OC 
indicating that the FDA was denying approval of the product based on deficiencies noted during the inspections of the 
third-party drug manufacturing facility and control-testing laboratory. We continue to work with the FDA and our 
third-party partners to resolve the issue. We remain confident that our low-dose OC will be approved. 

We cannot give insurances as to the precise timing of the approval and the subsequent launch, but we will provide 
updates as appropriate. Our focus is to grow the market share – the portfolio – of OCs taken as a whole. So, depending 
on the timing of the low-dose approval, that may be predominantly Loestrin 24, or it could be a combination of a 
low-dose and Loestrin 24. 

OB/GYNs are a high-value target for Actonel, so our Uro Gyn team is also deployed against Actonel. 

The structure of the Uro Gyn sales force, together with our 370-territory primary care physician, or PCP, field sales 
force, enables us to efficiently meet the terms of our global co-promotion agreement with Sanofi, while at the same 
time providing us a focused promotional effort to effectively support the Actonel brand. In the U.S., Actonel continues 
to face market-share decline due to the impact of managed-care initiatives encouraging the use of generic versions of 
Fosamax. 

Total filled prescriptions for Actonel declined approximately 25% for fiscal '09 versus '08. Importantly in September of 
'09, we filed an NDA for a next-generation, improved version of Actonel. The improved version, a once-a-week 


product, would eliminate the fasting requirements on dosing with bisphosphonates, a benefit that we believe could find 
great receptivity in the market and could provide us with the potential to return Actonel franchise back to a growth 
mode. 

If all goes well, we could potentially be in a position to launch a next-generation Actonel product in late '10 or early 
2011. In addition to Actonel and Loestrin 24, certain representatives from the Uro Gyn team are focused on the 
promotion of ESTRACE Cream as well as Enablex as part of our co-promotion agreement with Novartis. 

We continue to believe that the promotion of Enablex is strategically important. It provides our sales force with access 
to the urologists, as we continue work on our erectile dysfunction products included in our development pipeline. You 
will recall that the Udenafil product that we have licensed from Dong-A began Phase III clinical trials in the U.S. in the 
later half of '09. These trials are anticipated to take approximately two years to complete. 

We have also created a Gastro Derm sales team that consists of roughly 110 territories and combined sales 
representatives from legacy Warner Chilcott dermatology field force with a team of specialized-focus PGP sales 
representatives. The primary focus of the Gastro Derm team is the promotion of Asacol HD, which we view as a key to 
maintaining a growing share within ulcerative colitis market. 

Currently, Asacol HD represents less than 5% of Asacol franchise. However, we believe the sales force in 110 
territories will give us the reach and frequency we need to capitalize on the HD opportunity and we are hard at work on 
this conversion. We look forward to giving you updates on how the conversion is going as we progress through the 
year. 

The Gastro Derm team will also continue to promote DORYX. We were extremely pleased with the growth trajectory 
of DORYX during '09. Our renewed promotional focus on the product earlier last year, as well as the launch of the 150 
mg strength, resulted in total prescriptions for the product increasing 38% in '09 compared to '08. Our efforts to convert 
patients from DORYX 150 were successful as DORYX 150 accounted for approximately 90% of the total prescriptions 
at the end of '09. 

We intend to continue to focus on growing the overall DORYX franchise during '10, albeit at a slower expected growth 
trajectory than in '09. For the rest of the world, promotional focus of sales efforts are based on the portfolio products we 
offer in each jurisdiction. This varied throughout Western Europe and Australia. Product mix ranges from Actonel to 
Asacol and in some markets includes local brands developed and promoted in these countries. 

We expect just under 20% of our 2010 adjusted revenue to come from rest of world. The most significant product 
outside of North America from a revenue standpoint is Actonel. In 2010, the largest impact of Actonel brand outside of 
North America is expected to be the loss of exclusivity in Western Europe in the fourth quarter of 2010. Based on the 
historical trends of other products that have lost – had a loss of exclusivity in Western Europe, we anticipate that the 
impact will vary by country. 

Which leads me to last area I'll point out, which is the potential we see for business development activities in many of 
the Western European countries. We continue to explore opportunities that would enable us to expand our product 
portfolios in Western European countries. Before I turn things over to Paul, let me just say that 2009 was a 
transformational year for Warner Chilcott. I am proud of how much we've accomplished and the contributions of our 
people. And it starts with our sales force. 

It would be easy to lose sight of the contributions of our field sales representatives with all the transaction and other 
changes that occurred during the year. But they continue to be one of the keys to our success. Now let me turn things 
over to Paul to take you through the financial results for the fourth quarter of the full year of 2009. Paul? 

Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks, Roger. And I'm going to focus on mainly on the fourth quarter. Let me remind you that our results in the fourth 
quarter include the PGP business since the close of that acquisition on October 30, or said in other way, our operating 


results include two months worth of PGP, not a full quarter. As I mentioned in my opening remarks, as I review today's 
results, I'll note a few items such as a purchase accounting adjustment that flows through cost of sales, acquisition costs 
related to the PGP transaction and other G&A expenses that relate directly to the PGP acquisition. 

Additionally, the fourth-quarter results represents the first full quarter since we terminated our licensing rights to LEO's 
products and effectively sold the exclusive U.S. product licensing rights and development pipeline to its topical 
psoriasis products back to LEO. In connection with the LEO transaction, you may also recall that we entered into a 
distribution agreement under which we agreed to continue to distribute LEO's products until September 2010. 

We have specifically identified the effect of the LEO distribution agreement in our revenue and cost of goods sold to 
give you a complete view of the impact. In addition to the distribution agreement and as we have previously disclosed, 

68.9 million of the gain on the LEO transaction was deferred as of the closing, with that portion of the gain being 
recognized as the associated inventory of those products is sold under the distribution agreement. 
Part of that gain was recognized in the fourth quarter and the remainder is expected to be recognized over the 
distribution agreement period in 2010. We have specifically called out these items to try and give you the best view of 
the impact of the PGP acquisition and LEO transaction on our legacy results. With that intro, let me turn to our results. 

Our fourth-quarter revenue increased 183% to $686 billion (sic) [$686 million] compared to the fourth quarter of 2008. 
The increased sales are primarily related to the acquired PGP products, specifically net sales of Asacol and Actonel. 
With the additions of PGP products, it would be easy to miss the very solid performance of Warner Chilcott's promoted 
products, namely Loestrin 24, DORYX and ESTRACE Cream. 

All three of those products posted strong gains compared with the prior-year quarter and that's a testament to what 
Roger just mentioned in the closing of his remarks, the quality of our sales organization under Carl Reichel's leadership 
and its ability to maintain its focus despite the many distractions that we had during the quarter. 

Let me start by reviewing women's health care. Net sales of our OCs increased 18.7 million or 26.5% this quarter 
versus the fourth quarter of 2008, and were primarily driven by sales of Loestrin 24. As Roger mentioned, we've been 
pleased with the positive momentum and solid gains in market share of Loestrin 24 during 2009. 

Loestrin 24 contributed 72.6 million of net sales in the fourth quarter, up 47% over the prior-year quarter, due primarily 
to a 49% increase in filled prescriptions as well as higher average selling prices. The increase was offset in part by the 
impact of higher sales related deductions due primarily to the increased utilization of the loyalty-card program we 
launched in Q1 of 2009 for Loestrin 24. 

The loyalty-card program does decrease the net sales of Loestrin 24 in fourth quarter of 2009 and that impact was 
approximately $12 per filled prescription. Net sales of Actonel were 222 million in the fourth quarter. As a reminder, 
this represents only November and December sales of the product. It also represents the net sales of Actonel as we 
recognize them under the global co-promotion agreement with Sanofi. The co-promotion expense component of this 
agreement is included in our SG&A expenses. 

In the U.S., Actonel continues to face market share declines to the impact of managed care initiatives encouraging the 
use of generic versions of Fosamax. As Roger mentioned, in the U.S. we are utilizing both our women's health-care and 
PCP field forces for the promotional efforts in support of Actonel. 

However, despite the efforts of those sales forces, we believe the product will continue to experience market share 
declines similar to the most recent trends during 2010. Actonel sales of 138.3 million in North America included 116 
million in the U.S. and that accounted for the majority of our Actonel net sales during the fourth quarter. 

Net sales of our hormone therapy products increased 11.8 million or 26% in Q4 compared to the prior-year quarter. Net 
sales of ESTRACE Cream increased 10.3% or – excuse me, 10.3 million or 44%, resulting from a 22.8% increase in 
filled RXs as well as higher average selling prices. 

A subset of our U.S. women's health-care field force continues to have responsibility for the promotional activities of 
ESTRACE Cream, which we believe will continue to have a positive effect on the growth of that product. 


Turning to the dermatology segment. Sales of DORYX, led by DORYX 150, increased 19.3 million or roughly 40% 
compared with the prior-year quarter, primarily due to a 42% increase in filled prescriptions and higher average selling 
prices, which were offset in part by higher sales related deductions. 

Based on our most recent weekly IMS data, DORYX 150 RXs now account for approximately 90% of the total 
DORYX franchise. We continue to offer a customer loyalty card on DORYX 150. The loyalty-card program decreases 
our net sales value per RX for DORYX 150. At the end of the first quarter 2009, our net sales per DORYX 150 RX was 
approximately $300, which decreased to roughly $250, averaging for the remaining quarters of 2009. 

Despite the impact on gross to net sales, the program continues to help us drive share gains for the DORYX franchise 
and is profitable for us at the margin. Combined Taclonex and Dovonex net sales were 82.1 million in the fourth 
quarter 2009. As part of the agreement with LEO, we will continue to distribute Taclonex and Dovonex through 
September 2010. This means that we will continue to record revenue and cost of sales from the distribution of these 
products, which will have a negative impact on our gross margin percentage. 

You will recall that our 2010 financial guidance excludes the impact of the LEO distribution agreement. And therefore, 
as we start to report our 2010 results, we will continue to call out the impact of Dovonex and Taclonex sales and related 
cost of sales, so that you have a clear view of the impact of the LEO distribution agreement on our results. 

For the avoidance of doubt, our 2010 revenue guidance does not include any revenue we may record from the sale of 
Dovonex and Taclonex in 2010. 

Turning to gastroenterology, Asacol net sales were 115 million during the quarter, which represents our net sales of the 
product in November and December. 

In North America, where the U.S. currently represents just over 95% of the Asacol business, our Asacol net sales were 
106 million during the quarter. As Roger discussed, the conversion of Asacol to Asacol HD remains one of our highest 
priorities. Our reported gross profit margin as a percentage of total revenue was 73.7% in the fourth quarter of '09, 
which represents a decrease from the 78.1% in the prior-year quarter. 

The decrease in our reported gross profit margin is due to two of the items I mentioned at the beginning of the call, and 
that's the impact of purchase accounting in the form of a stepped-up basis of inventory of the acquired PGP products 
that flows through cost of sales as that inventory is sold, and the modest distributor margins we recognized during the 
quarter on the sales of Dovonex and Taclonex under the distribution agreement with LEO. 

The full amount of the inventory step-up on the PGP inventory was 179 million, of which 73.5 million was recognized 
through cost of sales in the fourth quarter of 2009. The impact of the remaining stepped up value of inventory of the 
PGP products is anticipated to be recognized in the first half of 2010. 

Under the LEO distribution agreement, we recorded sales of Dovonex and Taclonex totaling 82.1 million. Included in 
cost of sales was 76.8 million associated with these sales for LEO. Offsetting the negative impact of the stepped up 
inventories and the modest gains of sales for LEO was a recognition of a $34.2 million of deferred gain from the LEO 
transaction. The 34.2 million represents the portion of the total 68.9 million of gain associated with the LEO transaction 
that was deferred pending the sale of the inventories of the LEO product held by Warner Chilcott. The balance of the 
deferred gain, 34.7 million, will be recognized as a reduction of cost of sales during 2010 and over the period of 
distribution agreement. 

Note that in computing our adjusted cash net income, we will add back – we will back out the portion of the deferred 
LEO gain recognized in the period. Adjusted for the inventory step up, the distributor margins on the sale of Dovonex 
and Taclonex and backing out the deferred LEO gain, recognizing cost of sales, our gross margin on total revenue in 
the quarter on an adjusted basis was 89.4%. 

Reported SG&A expenses for the quarter were 277.5 million. Let me briefly walk through the three areas that make up 
our SG&A expenses. 


Selling and distribution expenses, the expenses associated with our field sales force, increased 104.3 million, primarily 
as a result of 98.9 million expense associated with the Sanofi global co-promotion agreement for Actonel. Secondly, 
also due to the increased head count resulting from the PGP acquisition that occurred during the quarter, as well as new 
expenses related to the acquired PGP products, which appear in the selling expense. 

Those are offset in part by a reduction of the size of our existing legacy Warner Chilcott field sales forces. Advertising 
and promotion expenses, what we refer to as A&P, increased 25.3 million in the quarter compared to the prior year 
quarter, primarily as a result of A&P cost in support of the acquired PGP products. 

General and administrative expenses increased 103.5 million in the fourth quarter of 2009 as compared to the prior-year 
quarter, in large part due to the cost associated with the PGP acquisition and integration, including 42.8 million of 
legal, consulting and other professional fees. Also in G&A this quarter are 17.2 million of expenses for services 
provided by PGP to us under the transition services agreement and 33.1 million of accrued severance costs. 

For the full year 2009, the legal, consulting and other professional fees associated with the PGP acquisition and 
integration totaled 60.5 million. Let me note that our G&A expense in 2010 will continue to be impacted by costs 
associated with the PGP integration, including paying for transitional services performed for us by P&G and the build 
out of our operating infrastructure, as Roger mentioned, mainly in Western Europe. 

R&D expense in the quarter was 29.3 million and related to our newly acquired and ongoing product development 
programs, some of which Roger mentioned during his comments. You will note that we made no milestone payments 
during the fourth quarter. 

Turning to amortization, which totaled 141.2 million in the fourth quarter of 2009 and includes 85 million related to the 
newly acquired PGP intellectual property. As we've noted in the past, in computing cash net income, we add back the 
asset tax impact of the amortization. We currently expect total 2010 amortization to be 647 million, which includes the 
full-year impact of PGP on amortization of intangible assets. 

Net interest expense for the fourth quarter was 67.4 million and includes 12.8 million as a result of the write-off of 
deferred loan costs associated with the termination on December 16, 2009 of the delayed-draw, term-loan commitment 
and the repurchase of a portion of our outstanding eight and three-quarter percent senior subordinated notes. 

The delay-draw, term-loan commitment initially provided us with up to 350 million in additional term loans under our 
senior secured credit facilities to fund the potential put by Sanofi of its interest in our Actonel collaboration agreement. 
In addition to the termination of this facility on December 16, 2009 following Sanofi 's decision not to exercise its put 
right, we amended our credit agreement to add an additional $350 million tranche of term loans to fund in part our 
tender offer for our outstanding 380 million aggregate principal amount of eight and three-quarter percent senior 
subordinated notes. 

You'll recall that on December 30, 2009, we utilized the proceeds from the new tranche of term loans to purchase and 
retire 290.5 million aggregate principal amount of the senior subordinate notes at a premium of 13.8 million, and that 

13.8 million was recognized as interest expense during the fourth quarter. Excluding these items, the increase of our 
interest expense versus the prior year – excuse me, prior year quarter – primarily related to the increase in term debt as 
a result of PGP acquisition. 
Let me note that since year-end, the remaining 89.5 million of outstanding eight and three-quarter percent senior sub 
notes were repurchased and redeemed, and we also did not make any offshore prepayments of debt under our senior 
secured term-credit facilities during the fourth quarter. 

Our reported GAAP net loss in the fourth quarter of 2009 was 9.5 million. Cash net income, which adds back the 
after-tax amortization of intangibles of 127.4 million and the after tax write-off of deferred loan cost of 15.5 million 
was 133.4 million. Adjusted cash net income for the quarter, which excludes the 65.1 million after-tax impact of the 
inventory step-up in cost of goods sold, and the 33.5 million of after-tax gain recognized on the sale of certainly LEO 
inventories, was 165 million or $0.65 per diluted share based on 252.5 million diluted, ordinary shares outstanding. 


For the fourth quarter 2009, the marginal tax rate for amortization of intangibles was 9.8%, and the marginal tax rate 
for deferred loan fees was 17.1%. The reconciliation from GAAP net income to cash net income and adjusted cash net 
income is included in our press release. 

Turning to liquidity, we ended the year with 539 million of cash and cash equivalents on the balance sheet. We 
generated 161 million of cash from operating activities in the fourth quarter. 

Let me briefly review our debt position as of year-end. 

We had just over $3 billion of funded debt on the balance sheet, of which 2.95 billion represented the new term-loan 
debt that we used to fund the PGP acquisition at the end of October and the new 350 million tranche of term debt, 
which we utilized to prepay the senior sub notes. I noted at the beginning of our call that since year-end, we have also 
retired the remaining 89.5 million of the senior sub notes. Our funded debt now consists solely of term-loan debt under 
our senior secured credit facilities. 

We also have a $250 million revolver, which has remained undrawn since its inception at the end of October. For those 
debt holders on the call, we have also included a reconciliation of GAAP net income to adjusted EBITDA in our press 
release. Adjusted EBITDA using the credit facility definition for Q4 of '09 was 357.4 million. We expect to continue to 
be able to generate strong cash flows going forward. The combined Company has similar financial characteristics to the 
old Warner Chilcott business which are expected to drive strong cash flow, and that's high margins with relatively 
modest investments in adjusted working capital and relatively a modest annual capital expenditure requirement and 
importantly a favorable tax structure. 

In the absence of compelling opportunities to invest our free cash flow in strategic initiatives such as in licensing 
opportunities, acquisitions or other internal product development activities, we expect to continue to use excess cash 
flow for deleveraging purposes. I point out that as of December 31, 2009, we had more cash on our balance sheet than 
we would expect to maintain as we go forward. 

As part of our integration process, we are working to fine-tune our treasury model and expect to resume our normal 
practice of prepaying term debt as we are able. As we continue to work on our treasury model, we will begin to ratchet 
down the amount of cash we maintain on our balance sheet. We expect to achieve a more normal level of cash during 
the second calendar quarter of 2010. 

Before moving to take your questions, let me just take a moment to reiterate our guidance that we communicated to you 
on January 29 of this year. We are making no changes to that guidance based on our fourth-quarter results. A detailed 
copy of the guidance is available at our Web site in the press release issued on January 29. 

With that, Ally, if you could open up the lines for questions? 

Q&A 

Operator 

Of course. [Operator instructions]. Our first question comes from David Risinger, Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 

<Q - David Risinger>: Yes. Thanks very much. Good morning. I have a couple of questions about the cash net 
income, Paul. So you mentioned that the figure was $165 million. Did that include any income from booked LEO 
revenue of $82 million? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, the actual net income that 
flows through on that is – yeah, I went through the calculation in my discussion. It includes the very modest distributor 
margins that we earn on the sales. Like the 82.1 million and if you'd give me a second, I'll flip through the, I'll flip to 
my charts, so I can see how much it was. The cost of goods sold associated with that was 76.8, so 82.1 minus the 76.8, 
that's what we earned during the period on the distribution agreement. Everything else is backed out. 


<Q - David Risinger>: Okay. And that'll be included in 2010 as well. 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. We'll continue, but it will be 
quite modest. It will be – I think even less than what you show during Q4, the margins that we earn on that business. 

<Q - David Risinger>: Okay. And then in terms of G&A, the three expenses that I look at as one-timer, although some 
of them will continue in 2010, totaled $93 million that was the 43 million related to the PGP deal, 17 million for 
transition services, and then 33 million for severance. Can you just provide a framework for what amount you factored 
into your guidance for 2010 for those items in aggregate? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Now, I think as we go forward in 
2010, the one that you would expect to continue on, and they say it's a question of timing. The TSA fees will continue 
as we continue to use the services, the TSA services. Severance is obviously something that when we reported reserve 
during Q4, you would not expect to see that occurring again in 2010. So take that out of the mix, you're looking at the 

60. You got the TSAP, which will continue and then the balance is these legal, consulting and other professional 
expenses are roughly $43 million that we incurred during the quarter. 
We will continue to incur those types of costs during, say, Q1 and Q2 and we would expect those cost to go down, but 
they will go down at some trajectory, while our costs in our regular G&A will ratchet up. And that's back to – Roger 
referenced it, I referenced it as well – that's the buildup of the infrastructure, predominantly in Western Europe, in order 
for us to be able to manage and run a global business. 

So by definition the amount that we included in our guidance for G&A for next year includes the expectation of some 
level of TSA, a continuation of legal, consulting and other professional costs as we continue to work through the 
integration. 

And then of course the actual buildup of G&A expenses which you'd expect to be continuing. I think when we, I look 
ahead hopefully when we report our first quarter I think you'll start to get a clear picture of what our normalized G&A 
will look like. 

<Q - David Risinger>: That's very helpful. And two more quick questions. Can you just walk us through the math on 
the adjusted EBITDA, I think that you said was $357 million. Can you just walk us through the math to get there. And 
second, can you just provide an update on the outlook and timing of the new APA agreement that you're working on 
with the IRS. 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, I mean, I think that the 
reconciliation of the adjusted EBITDA, it's included as an exhibit to the press release and it is essentially just working 
off of the definitions from the term-loan agreement. 

It's quite simply GAAP, plus all the interest expense to get to pre interest. Plus the provision for taxes and then it backs 
out non-cash stock comp, depreciation, book amortization and then the non-cash portion of that stepped up basis of 
inventory that I talked about a couple of times that's flows through cost of sales. And what I viewed under the credit 
agreement as a one timers that are appropriately added back with respect to EBITDA including the severance costs, and 
then specifically PGP acquisition expenses, that's what get you to the 357. 

The second question was – yes, the APA. Our APA, our current APA runs through the end of 2010. We have started 
the process of a discussion with the APA office in Washington D.C. and I'd say that we hope to be in a position to 
come up with a new agreement, but we can't provide any guidance as to timing and when we would expect that to 
happen. 

I do want to point out that while – it would certainly which certainly be our objective to obtain a new APA that in the 
absence of being able to obtain one, by let's say, December 31, we would still continue on, basically on the assumption 
that the economics associated with our existing APA would continue to be valid. That said – it's in our interest to be in 
a cooperative world with the APA office, and attempt to get to an agreement that would cover the years beyond 2010. 

<Q - David Risinger>: That's great. Thank you. 


<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Thanks, David. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Gary Nachman of Leerink Swann. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Gary Nachman>: Hi, good morning guys. Paul, thanks for the detail, that was very helpful. First question on 
R&D. It looks a little light relative to what we were thinking about as far as the run rate for 2010 based on our 
guidance. So what if anything happened there or were any programs put on hold, and maybe you could talk about 
where most of that spend is going to go in 2010 in terms of prioritization? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: Yeah, Gary, it's Roger. We reviewed 
everything and I think if you just – if you see that its a little lighter than originally had planned and a lot of that's got to 
do with running Phase III clinical trials. I do reassure you, that we have not de-emphasized R&D in any way. We've 
adjusted some of the priorities and the focus, and you'll probably see that run-up as we put different products into 
where we start to really churn the dollars, our Phase III clinicals. And there's a lot of seasonality associated with that. 
But we have done a lot of the rationalization and the focus and adjusted our priorities. And you will probably see some 
of that ramp up back and as we move through 2010. 

<Q - Gary Nachman>: Okay. And specifically on the new form of Actonel, Roger, could you just comment on the IP 
status for that product? And anything so far that you're hearing back from the FDA or you're on course and you'd 
expect approval, I would guess in the second half of this year? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: Well, the new Actonel, it still operates 
under the composition of matter patent for risedronate, and we also had four patents that were granted back in the 
September timeframe, which extends that. So right now, we'll be operating – when that product is approved, it will 
operate under the composition of matter patent, and we will also list the four patents that we've got as far as method of 
use. 

<Q - Gary Nachman>: Okay. And then, Paul, on the gross margin, so the 89.4%, it seems like the right metric we 
should think about heading into 2010, it's pretty consistent with your 88 to 89% range in 2010. But what if any swing 
factors are there that we should think about maybe over the course of the year that could move it one way or the other 
in a meaningful way? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, I think the swing factors are – 
yeah, I think you hit it on the head there, Gary. It's very consistent with what our expectations are for the full year 2010. 
Of course some products have higher gross profit margins than others, but over the course of 2010, the expectation is 
that gross margin as a percent of adjusted total revenue, which means taking out Dovonex and Taclonex distribution 
revenues, would still be in the range of 88 to 89% for 2010. That's a pretty tight band. 

<Q - Gary Nachman>: Okay. And a couple of more quick ones. Did I do the math right, so contributions from 
Actonel in Canada was about 22 million? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, the balance between what we 
said was in the North America versus U.S. 

<Q - Gary Nachman>: Yeah, okay. And then, what is a normal level of cash for you guys, could you give us sort of a 
range? I mean, in the past you had been under 100 million. Could you actually go that low and still effectively to run 
the business? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, this is a good point for all the 
model builders out there, a couple of points. Please give us 'til the middle part of the year before we get to a normalized 
level, because this treasury model, given that we're now operating in a lot more jurisdictions and with a lot more – there 
are no real impediments to us getting that cash, but it's not as easy as it was when we were operating predominantly in 


the U.S., Puerto Rico and the U.K. But if you give me 'til the middle of the year, I'd say roughly 100 million is a good 
target. 

<Q - Gary Nachman>: Okay. That's helpful. 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: When you mentioned Canada, you 
didn't mention their gold medal. 

<Q - Gary Nachman>: Well, I'm from the U.S., so I am trying to 


<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: So am I, but it was a great game. 

<Q - Gary Nachman>: It was a great game. All right. Thank you guys. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from David Buck of Buckingham Research. Please go ahead. 

<Q - David Buck>: Yes, thanks for taking the question. Paul, you've discussed a little bit on the loyalty card programs 
for Loestrin and also on DORYX. First can you talk about whether you expect any changes in the rebating levels as you 
move through 2010, and is there any look at expanding the programs to other products? 

And then just for Roger, you talked a little bit about R&D timing. Can you talk about the antibiotics program with 
PeriTec, was that still under development? And is there any update on, in terms of timing, of new DORYX products 
any time in 2010, 2011? Thanks. 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. Thanks, David. Let me first 
say that on the – with respect to the cards, I think that on DORYX, we've achieved what you'd call a normalized level. 
It's kind of an accounting peculiarity, when you start up a program like this and you start to get experience with what 
sort of redemptions you can expect and the dollar value of those redemptions, you end up actually having a mismatch 
of expense versus what we view as revenue. 

And so as you start those programs up, you tend to have a reserve and a degradation gross to that which is perhaps 
higher than you would expect and over time that average of net sales per RX kind of normalizes. I think you should 
have picked up, or may have picked up, in my discussion that I think that the average RX – average net sales per RX of 
DORYX had kind of stabilized around 250, which tells you that we've reached a point we wouldn't expect that to 
change all that much as we go forward. 

With respect to Loestrin 24, I think the reason why we called it out separately is, it is a number that you need to keep 
your eye on, because it was a part of what helped us drive the, I think, impressive increases in market share that we 
were able to obtain. That said, we feel like the trend will be similar as we move through 2010. 

And then the other question was whether or not we were, expect to use the cards in any other way? Roger? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: Yeah, it's an effective tool and we're 
obviously evaluating the use of the tool in other therapeutic areas, or I guess in other product areas, as we would say. 
And whether that would be Asacol or Actonel, but that decision really is up to Carl and how he would like to use the 
tool. But we certainly are evaluating, because it has been effective for us. 

You asked a question about PeriTec and how the compound is doing. We're continuing down the path. As our leader, 
R&D leader, Mahdi Fawzi, would say, it is still a chemical; it has yet to become a pharmaceutical. Our definition of a 
pharmaceutical is when it enters man, and that evaluation, we expect that to happen this year. So I guess my best 
guidance is that it's proceeding normally along the path in developing new chemical entities and we expect it to be in 
humans this year. 


As far as DORYX updates, as you are aware, we have several programs around doxycycline, I guess specifically and 
tetracyclines in general. But we have multiple programs going on right now and probably expect the product to be in 
the clinic this year. 

<Q - David Buck>: Okay. Thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Elliot Wilbur of Needham & Co. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Elliot Wilbur>: Thanks. Good morning. You guys do such a good job, you leave so little to the imagination here. 

Paul, with respect to I guess Loestrin 24 FE, I heard a commentary regarding the loyalty card program and sort of the 
dollar impact on ASP. But could you maybe just give me a sense sort of how the – what the trend has been like and sort 
of what perhaps percentage of product out the door or prescriptions you're actually seeing an impact on from the loyalty 
card program? Just trying to get a sense as to when that – that that program actually normalizes? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. I think as, Elliot, as I said just 
a second ago in response to David Buck's question, the $12 per RX, we think is probably pretty close to where you'd 
expect that to sort itself out. 

I'd put in contrast DORYX. You have higher utilization of cards. Oral contraceptives are not all – relatively 
inexpensive compared to other sorts of therapies. And the utilization of the card is significantly less than what you'd see 
with a, for example, a product like a DORYX. So the $12, if that changes, we'll certainly call that out as you go 
forward. 

I loved your comment, Elliot, to say that we don't leave a lot to the imagination. It's what we're trying to do, we're 
trying to spit out every factoid that is in our information here, particularly in this fourth quarter because I know all of 
you are working very hard to try to tease out of our reported results, what does this mean and how does this affect us 
going forward? I'm prattling on here a second, but I think it's worthwhile – we're reiterating our 2010 guidance, 
nothing's come to our attention during the finalization of our fourth quarter and our full year 2009 that would lead us to 
change that and we will strive to continue to leave nothing to the imagination as we go forward. 

<Q - Elliot Wilbur>: And then I have couple of additional questions for you here as well. I mean, anything with 
respect to the acquired P&G products, in terms of either inventory or cessation of promotional programs, and maybe 
particularly outside the U.S., that would suggest that we shouldn't perhaps be using the revenue run rates reported in the 
quarter as sort of baseline numbers to build off of going forward? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: I'll hit the promotional. I think one of the 
things you should look at regarding this thing, and too, the situation, certainly with Actonel and Enablex, we're under 
co-promotion agreement, one with Sanofi and the other one with Novartis. 

So a lot of that is fixed by both companies, so we don't, we're not going to see dramatic changes in those promotional 
levels because basically both companies in those situations have to approve that. The one where we're in complete 
control of is the Asacol. And obviously Asacol, our intentions there are to proceed with the conversion and grow the 
total brand, so it's really an invest-grow product for us. So I'm not seeing any pause – we sort of see a steady state with 
that throughout 2010. 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, Elliot, I'll follow on real quick 
on that. You think about the Actonel franchise globally, you're losing exclusivity currently, as we speak in Canada, 
towards the end of 2010, you lose exclusivity. But one of the things that we are intending to do is to maintain a critical 
mass of sales and marketing infrastructure in those countries in Western Europe. 

So even though – if we were in a full harvest mode, we might start ratcheting those costs down. We're actually in a 
situation where we're looking at Western Europe as a platform on which we can hopefully add additional products. And 


so we're not likely to decrease those as the sales go down. I hope that helps. 

<Q - Elliot Wilbur>: Okay. And then, Paul, I know it's not historically been your style to sort of comment on quarterly 
EPS guidance or numbers, but maybe just directionally – I mean, the consensus sort of starts out at a lower number, 
then kind of builds throughout the year. 

And I guess, sort of given that you lose Canada with Actonel and that will ramp down over the course of the year, then 
you have, obviously, the hit in December coming from the loss of the ex-U.S. intellectual property rights on Actonel. 
I'm just sort of wondering, is there anything you would, might want to talk about, at least in terms of...? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. I mean we don't – there are 
lots of reasons why we don't provide specific quarterly guidance. Yeah, you're right, it's going to be a hard challenge 
for you to look at it over the course of the year because you've got TSA costs that are in there early, and they start to go 
away, you hope, towards the middle of the year or later. You start to get to a normalized level of G&A and then at the 
end of the year, you have the loss of exclusivity. So I'm going to have to leave that to you. 

<Q - Elliot Wilbur>: Okay. Thanks for taking the question. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from John Newman of Oppenheimer. Please go ahead. 

<Q - John Newman>: Thanks for taking the question. I know it's early, but in terms of the Asacol HD switch – my 
understanding is that, you're couponing and doing things with HD, and you shifted some of that away from Asacol. Can 
you talk about sort of any early sense as to what kind of effect that's had? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: Well, what we've done is really shifted the 
promotion and all we've currently seen at this particular moment, the sales reps have made basically January behind 
them. And because this is a heavy product between news, there's a lot of refills and there really aren't a lot of new starts 
here. It's going to take awhile; it's going to have a little bit more of a lag than the DORYX. But currently we're not 
using any card with Asacol HD. There is a type of program out there that's like $20 off the co-pay, but it's not a card 
like we've been using with both Loestrin and the DORYX franchise. 

So, I think we're – we've got sort of the sales reps pointed in the right direction, everything is aligned, and we've seen 
some clicks in new RXs, we're beginning to see it. We would expect to see more of a response perhaps in the March 
and April timeframe because it's just going to take a little bit of a while to get this going because of the nature of the 
product. 

<Q - John Newman>: Great. Thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Scott Henry of Roth capital. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Scott Henry>: Thank you. A couple questions. First for Paul, when I start to reconcile to get the gross margin to 
89.4%, it sounds like you gave me a couple new numbers to work with on the call. I guess I'm starting with the 180.2 
million in the COGS line, and then are you backing out the 76.8 million in revenues as well as the 33 and the 65? I 
mean, how are you reconciling to get to that number? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. You've got to take out the 
Dovonex and Taclonex revenues from the top, take out the cost of sales from the cost of goods sold, back out the gain – 
hold on, I'll walk you right through the calc. 


Cost of sales line as reported, 180.2 million, right? Included in there is 76.8, call it, million of cost of sales associated 
with the LEO thing – LEO transaction actually, take that out – add back the LEO gain, 34.2. And then take out that the 
step up in basis from the purchase accounting on PGP, that'll get you adjusted cost of sales of $64 million. 

And then up above, you're taking out of revenue, you're taking out the LEO sales and also backing out the 5.4 million 
of gain – it's not gain, distributor margin that you're earning on the LEO transaction. That'll get you to 89.4. 

<Q - Scott Henry>: Okay. Perfect. That's helpful. And then just any color – how should we think about a generic to 
Actonel in Canada, and what's the traditional trajectory for generics in Canada? I apologize. I'm not familiar with it. 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: Well, Canada is a little different. You have 
different types of selling prices, you have – and the provinces have their own way of looking at this. We expect to have 

– and actually in the Québec province, we expect Actonel 35 to be in pretty good shape versus the potential generic. 
Outside of Québec, we'll be changing emphasis to the Actonel 150 milligram product because we expect to have the 35 
generic size in those particular areas. 
So, it's really not a clean answer because you really just don't, you don't have the generic impact in Canada that you'd 
have here, and on top of that, depending on what province you're in, it's going to differ a bit. 

But we have done – I mean, I've got to hand it to the Canadian affiliate, and they've done an excellent job as far as 
market share, because I believe our market share in Actonel in Canada is about 45. Obviously, we want to keep that 
going, we want to continue to promote the product because indeed we have the second-generation Actonel that's at the 
FDA, and we're pursuing a registration in Canada for that product also. 

<Q - Scott Henry>: Okay. Thank you. That's helpful. And just a final question, and I think, Roger, you've addressed a 
lot of these in different questions throughout, but it would seem like priority number one is to stabilize Actonel and 
Asacol. I mean, when I look at the market share data, it looks like they're both losing about roughly 30 basis points per 
month. 

How should we think about kind of the second derivative, or when we should start to see those rates decline? And just 
kind of in summary, you've kind of talked about what the coupon programs are; could you just let me know exactly 
where is Actonel currently, from the idea of a card program or a couponing? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: Well, I think you've got the priorities almost 
straight. It really – it's Asacol is number one and conversion to HD. And don't forget growing the franchise. And that's 
in place. 

I think second priority is Loestrin 24. We shouldn't be penalized for having success around Loestrin 24 and we think 
we can accelerate that growth. So that would be the women's' health-care group, which we affectionately called – it's 
like the OBGYN now group along with the urologist, the Uro Gyn. And that's a very important group to us, because 
they've been very successful and that's priority two. 

The Actonel, we're taking a look at this because we have the potential to introduce a new product this year. So we want 
to make sure that we have everything right, now that we're getting things straight on Actonel, including the promotion 
of the product, and execution at the primary care level is a priority, but we have a little bit of time now to adjust our 
focus. 

So I wouldn't focus a lot on Actonel right now, because we we're really focusing on the next generation of Actonel, 
which we believe can be the product. So, priority number one would be an Asacol and conversion to HD and growth. 
Number two priority is going to be Loestrin 24. 

<Q - Scott Henry>: Okay. And with Actonel, do you currently have any sort of co-pay assistant programs or any card 
loyalty programs? And along those lines, is Sanofi an impediment to any of those types of programs? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: No, I don't think Sanofi is any type of 
impediment. They believe they're making investments in the brand. We got hit last year with the Medicare and 


Medicare formularies, but that was – you got to watch it, because that was certainly focused in the first quarter. Outside 
of the first quarter, we had some slippage, but then again, we've had issues, execution with the sales force and we've 
had some people leave and some vacancies, and so we're trying to deal with that. But we're trying to come up with a 
primary-care sales force that's going to be ready to launch a new, more valuable product. So that's what our focus is. 

<Q - Scott Henry>: Okay. Thank you for taking the questions. 

Operator 

And our next question is a follow up from David Buck of Buckingham research. Please go ahead. 

<Q - David Buck>: Yeah, Roger, you mentioned on the low-dose OC that you couldn't predict timing and you're 
working with your partners. I was hoping if you'd give us a little more detail on what exactly your, what the issues were 
and what type of response you need to give to them, or reinspection, when that happens, some type of time line there? 
Thanks. 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: Well, I mean, right now we're working with 
what the FDA has given us and it's a six-month delay. We did get labeling and we're in a situation where we have to get 
an update from the compliance division. We have nothing formal yet; we do believe that it will happen. And at this 
particular moment, we're going to stick with the six-month delay and if things turn around and it happens faster than we 
anticipate, which could be first for the FDA, we'll deal it. 

But as we said, it's okay with the six-month delay. Loestrin 24 is doing excellent. And then we will bring on a new 
product when it becomes available and currently we're probably looking at perhaps a September launch. 

<Q - David Buck>: Okay, thank you. 

Operator 

And I'm showing no further questions. 

Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Great. It's Paul speaking. I would like to thank everybody for participating in the call. Again, we know it was a messy 
quarter and a full year. And, again, we hope that we were able to provide the kind of factoids that you all are interested 
in so that you can look at us and evaluate how we're doing. We're looking forward to talking to you again at the end of 
our first quarter. Thanks very much. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference. You may all disconnect and have a wonderful day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 


© COPYRIGHT 2010, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


