Q2 2009 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
• Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President 
Other Participants 

• David Windley 
• Marc Goodman 
• Gary Nachman 
• Elliot Wilbur 
• Scott Hirsch 
• Michael Tong 
• Scott Henry 
• David Buck 
• Shibani Malhotra 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Warner Chilcott Second Quarter Earnings Call. 

Our speakers today will be Roger Boissonneault, President and Chief Executive Officer and Paul Herendeen, Executive 
Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. 

All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a 
question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. 

I would now like to turn the call over to Paul Herendeen. Please go ahead, sir. 

Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you very much and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our call. Earlier this morning, we issued 
a press release that details our second quarter 2009 results. So hope we've all had a chance to review it. Copies of the 
press release are available on our website. 

Roger and I would like to take a few moments to provide updates both on the proposed redomestication and on our 
product development activities, as well as provide additional details regarding our second quarter financial results, 
which will be followed by a Q&A period. 

Before doing that, let me point out that this call will include forward-looking statements. These statements are subject 
to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause the company's actual results to differ materially from such 
statements. These risks and uncertainties are discussed in our 2008 Form 10-K as amended, which is on file with the 
SEC and available on its website. 


The forward-looking statements made during this call are made only as of the date of this call and the company 
undertakes no obligation to update such statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances. In addition, we may 
make reference as to certain non-GAAP measures during the call as defined by SEC regulations. In accordance with 
these regulations, we have provided reconciliations of these measures in our press release issued this morning to what 
we believe are the most directly comparable GAAP measures. 

With that, let me turn things over to Roger Boissonneault, our President and CEO. 

Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President 

Thanks, Paul. Good morning, everyone. I'll provide you a brief update on our activities during the second quarter 
before turning it back to Paul, who'll provide an overview of our second quarter and the financial results. 

We held the Special Meeting of the Shareholders as well as our Annual General Shareholders Meeting earlier this week 
in Ireland. At our Special Meeting of Shareholders, our shareholders approved among other items a scheme of 
agreement between the company and our shareholders. This approval represents an important step in the 
redomestication process. There are additional steps that need to be completed before the scheme of agreement will 
become effective, such as the approval of the Supreme Court of Bermuda, which we anticipate will occur at its August 
14th session. 

We hope to be able to complete the proposed redomestication transaction by the third week in August. At that time and 
as is more fully described in our proxy statement, an Irish company, Warner Chilcott PLC will replace Warner Chilcott 
Limited as the ultimate public holding company. 

As we have said, we do not anticipate that, if approved, the reorganization would have any material impact on the 
company's financial results. The company would continue to be registered with the SEC, file financial statements in 
accordance with the U.S. GAAP and be subject to the same SEC reporting requirements. The company's common stock 
will continue to trade on the NASDAQ under the ticker symbol WCRX. 

Turning to product news, in late 2009, we filed an NDA for our new low dose oral contraceptive and if all goes well, 
we could be in a position to launch the low dose OC in the first half of 2010. 

In the near term, our priority is more than ever LOESTRIN 24. Our women's healthcare field sales forces have 
LOESTRIN 24 as their number-one priority. 

The other focus, although secondary to LOESTRIN 24, is on the opportunity we see for continued growth of 
ESTRACE Cream. Our priority is expected to remain LOESTRIN 24 until the launch of low dose product sometime in 
the first half of next year. Thereafter, we plan to shift our primary focus to low dose products and grow our share of the 
new start hormonal contraceptive market. 

Also related to LOESTRIN 24 and FEMCON, as we announced earlier this week, we have receipted a Paragraph IV 
filings for both of these products from Lupin. We are reviewing the detail of the Paragraph IV Certification Notices. 
We continue to have full confidence in the intellectual property protecting LOESTRIN 24 and FEMCON, and tend to 
vigorously defend our patents and pursue our legal rights. 

Also on hormonal contraception, we completed the treatment phase of the Phase 3 clinical trial for an oral 
contraceptive that we licensed to Watson in January. We currently anticipate submitting an NDA for that product in the 
second half of this year. On the launch of that product, we will receive a royalty from Watson based on net sales. 

Shifting gears to our dermatology portfolio, we have been able to achieve strong market penetration for DORYX 150. 
Our dermatology sales force began actively promoting 150 in mid July of 2008. And today, the 150 milligram accounts 
for over 80% of new prescriptions for the DORYX franchise. 

In addition, we have a few development projects ongoing in the dermatology area, including products in collaboration 
with LEO. We also continue to make progress with our partners at Paratek in the development of an oral antibiotic for 


the treatment of acne, although we are still in the preclinical phase of the project. 

Finally, we continue to focus on the two projects currently under development for the treatment of erectile dysfunction, 
our Topical Alprostadil cream that we acquired from NexMed and a PDE5 inhibitor, udenafil, licensed from Dong-A. 
We are on track to start the Phase 3 clinicals for udenafil product in the third quarter of this year. With respect to the 
Alprostadil product, we continue to work through the FDA's specific issues and hope to be able to give you a better 
sense of where we are later in this year. 

Successful development of these products will enable us to expand into another attractive area, erectile dysfunction, by 
focusing our promotional efforts on urologists and high-value primary care targets. 

Now, let me turn things over to Paul to take you through the financial results for the quarter. 

Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks, Roger. Our second quarter revenue increased little more than 7% to just a bit more than $250 million 
compared to the second quarter of 2008. The increased sales were led primarily by increase in net sales of DORYX, 
LOESTRIN 24 and ESTRACE cream. 

Net sales of our OCs increased 5.6% this quarter compared to the second quarter of last year, primarily driven by sales 
of LOESTRIN 24. LOESTRIN 24 (sic) [LOESTRIN 24FE] contributed 58 million in net sales in the second quarter, up 
15.5% over the prior year quarter, due primarily to higher average selling prices and a 10.3% increase in filled 
prescriptions in Q2 '09 compared with Q2 '08. The increase was offset in part by the impact of higher sales related 
deductions and the contraction in pipeline inventories in the second quarter as compared to the prior-year quarter. 

We've seen solid gains in market share for LOESTRIN 24 especially during the second quarter and we're encouraged 
by the trend. We attribute this positive momentum to the ongoing focus on the effectiveness of the women's healthcare 
sales force. As we mentioned on our last quarter's call, the efforts to optimize our field sales forces were completed 
during the first quarter of 2009 with a new configuration of approximately 330 total territories in the company. Of these 
330 territories, 260 support women's healthcare and have LOESTRIN 24 as their primary promotional focus. 
Remaining 70 territories are focused on dermatology. 

In addition to the changes we made in the sales force, there's also the positive impact of the recent promotional 
activities such as the launch of a loyalty card program for LOESTRIN 24. 

FEMCON generated net sales of 12.4 million in the second quarter of 2009, representing an increase of 14.7% over the 
same quarter in the prior year, primarily due to higher average selling prices, and a 6.3% increase in filled 
prescriptions, offset in part by a contraction of pipeline inventories relative to the prior-year period. As we mentioned 
in Q1, beginning in 2009, our promotional efforts related to FEMCON are limited primarily to sampling. 

Turning to our dermatology portfolio, revenues of our dermatology products increased 10.9% or 11.3 million in the 
second quarter of 2009 compared to the prior-year quarter. The growth was led mainly by increased sales of DORYX, 
more specifically sales of DORYX 150. 

Since the beginning of 2009 and using weekly prescription data, the average period over period growth for the new 
prescriptions of DORYX has been over 30%. 

Net sales of DORYX increased 13.2 million or 41.6% in the second quarter compared to the prior-year quarter, 
primarily due to a 41.6% increase in filled prescriptions and an expansion of pipeline inventories compared to the 
prior-year period, which was offset, in part, by higher sales-related deductions. The sales-related deductions include the 
impact of approximately $6 million of catch-up accruals this quarter related to loyalty card program for DORYX 150. 

We had a strong redemption rate on the customer loyalty cards we offer on DORYX 150, which has helped us shift an 
increasing percentage of the DORYX franchise to the 150 milligram strength, as well as to accelerate the overall 
growth of the DORYX franchise. 


At the end of June, DORYX 150 reached roughly 80% of new prescriptions and 76% of total prescriptions for the 
DORYX franchise. But as we mentioned on the first quarter call and I'll remind you again, the loyalty card program 
does decrease our net sales value per script for DORYX 150. At the end of quarter, our net sales for DORYX 150 was 

– at the end of first quarter, it was about $300. Based on the card redemption rate, our net sales for DORYX 150 RX 
was roughly $250. 
Despite the impact on gross to net sales, the program is profitable for us at the margin. We continue to focus our sales 
efforts on increasing the overall market share for DORYX, primarily for DORYX 150. 

TACLONEX net sales decreased 2.3 million in the second quarter of 2009 as compared to the second quarter of 2008. 
Filled prescriptions for TACLONEX were down 5.7%. The decrease was also due to higher sales-related deductions 
offset, in part, by the impact of higher average selling prices. We have promotional activities ongoing in plan for 
TACLONEX, so we will believe – we believe will assist in driving growth including the initiation of a loyalty card 
program. 

While these promotional activities are centered on our called-on universe primarily of dermatologists and other high 
prescribing physicians, we also believe there is an opportunity for additional growth for TACLONEX from the GP/FP 
community. We don't directly promote to the GP/FP community but rather the message of TACLONEX is often 
delivered to these doctors by patients who are currently using the product. 

The net sales of DOVONEX were relatively flat in the second quarter of 2009 compared to the prior-year quarter as 
decreases in filled prescriptions were offset by higher average selling prices and a reduction in sales-related deductions. 
You'll recall that we anticipate DOVONEX will decline year-over-year due to increased competition from other 
therapies, as well as the introduction of generic versions of DOVONEX solution, which affects the year-over-year 
comparison. 

Net sales of our hormone therapy products increased 3.9 million in the second quarter compared to the prior-year 
quarter. The increase in Q2 '09 compared to Q2 '08 is primarily due to an increase in sales of ESTRACE Cream of $7 
million or 33%, resulting from a 21% increase in filled prescriptions. We increased our promotional activities for 
ESTRACE Cream in early 2009 and we are pleased with the positive effect the promotional efforts have had on the net 
sales of the product. 

Net sales of FEMHRT in the second quarter of 2009 decreased 3.3 million compared to the prior-year quarter due to a 
12% decline in prescriptions and contraction in pipeline inventories, which were partially offset by higher average 
selling prices. 

Our gross profit margin as a percentage of total revenue was 81.3% in the second quarter of 2009, which represents an 
increase from 78.2% in the prior-year quarter. 

Reported SG&A expenses for the quarter were 53 million, an increase of 5.9 million or 12.6% compared to Q2 '08. 
Selling and distribution expenses, the expenses which are associated with our field sales forces, decreased 2.7 million 
due primarily to a reduction in the size of our field sales forces compared to the prior-year quarter. That was offset in 
part by promotional expense related to FEMRING. 

Advertising and promotional expenses were relatively flat in the quarter compared to the prior year. General and 
administrative expenses increased by 8.4 million or 61% in the second quarter of '09 compared to the prior-year quarter 
in large part due to increases in professional and legal fees, primarily related to the costs associated with the 
redomiciling of the company to Ireland and to a lesser extent increases in compensation expenses including non-cash 
stock-based comp and other costs. 

R&D expenses in the quarter were 11.9 million and related to our ongoing product development program, some of 
which Roger mentioned during his opening comments. You will note that we made no milestone payments during the 
second quarter. 


Turning to amortization, which totaled 57 million in the second quarter of '09, as we've noted in the past in computing 
cash net income, we add back the after-tax impact of the amortization. Our forecast for aggregate amortization for 
2009, for the full year, based on current assumptions is 228 million reducing to 161 million in 2010 and 131 million in 
2011. 

Net interest expense for the second quarter was 15.2 million. We did not make an optional prepayment of debt during 
the second quarter. We ended the quarter with a debt balance of 859.8 million comprised of 479.8 million of bank term 
debt and 380 million of 8.75% senior subordinated notes. 

Our reported GAAP net income in the second quarter was 56 million. Cash net income for the quarter was a 109.2 
million or $0.44 per share based on 250.7 million diluted – fully diluted Class A shares outstanding. 

In arriving at cash net income, we add back the after-tax impact of book amortization of intangible assets and the 
amortization deferred loan fees. We add those items back at the marginal tax rate specific to each item in each period. 
For our Q2 '09, the marginal tax rate for amortization of intangibles was 8.4% and the marginal rate for deferred loan 
fees was 19.9%. A reconciliation from GAAP net income to cash net income is included in the press release. 

Turning to our liquidity, we generated a 124.5 million of cash from operating activities in the second quarter and into 
the quarter with a balance in cash and cash equivalents of 138.2 million. In the past, we have used our available cash 
flow to prepay term debt. This quarter, we have elected not -- to not prepay debt and instead build cash to improve our 
flexibility with respect to possible investments in our business. We will review the decision to build cash versus 
prepaying debt over the next several months. For those debt holders on the call, we included a reconciliation of GAAP 
net income to adjusted EBITDA in our press release. Adjusted EBITDA using the bank bond definition for Q2 '09 was 

145.6 million, a 13% increase compared to the prior-year quarter. 
Before turning to the Q&A, let me update you on our financial guidance for the full year 2009. Based on the actual 
results for the second quarter and our current outlook for the remainder of 2009, we are reaffirming our guidance with 
respect to total revenue in the range of 1.015 to $1.025 billion (sic) [million]. 

We now anticipate that our gross margin as a percentage of total revenue will be in the range of 80 to 81%, an increase 
from the previous range of 79 to 80%. We expect that total SG&A for the year will continue to be in the range of 203 to 
212 million, however we have adjusted our view on the expected spending across the three SG&A categories, selling 
expense, A&P and G&A. We are anticipating lower spending in A&P in the range of 38 to 41 million due to reduction 
in the current spend rate of the sales force. Offsetting that reduced spend is an increase in G&A expense, which we now 

– is now expected to be in the range of 81 to 84 million. The increase is related primarily to professional fees for 
outside services. 
We now anticipate our R&D spend for the full year to be in the range of 72 to 75 million. The decrease in spend is 
based on the current view of our anticipated development project cost as well as $1 million increase in anticipated 
milestones in 2009. Remaining milestones for 2009 are now expected to be three million. Let me be clear that the 
decrease in R&D expense does not relate to the cancellation of any of our ongoing projects, it gives better visibility on 
the timing and expense of certain programs. 

Using 251.4 million Class A common shares, these updates – these updated results – and we expect our cash net 
income per share for the full year 2009 to be in the range of $1.60 to $1.65. As a reminder, the details of our 2009 
financial guidance can be found at the end in the press release we issued earlier this morning. 

Also let me be clear about certain assumptions including the updated guidance, while we cannot be certain if and when 
competition for the 75 and 100 milligrams strengths of DORYX will occur, our current guidance anticipates one or 
more generic competitors entering the market at some point in 2009. Said another way, at this time we would not 
anticipate any change to our full year 2009 financial guidance, if generic versions of DORYX 75 and 100 would enter 
the market in 2009. 

Additionally, our guidance does not include the potential impact to reported earnings of any new acquisitions, 
dispositions, licensing agreements or other transactions. Also only R&D milestones expected in 2009 under our 


existing agreements are included in our financial guidance at this time. 

That concludes the prepared remarks for the call. And with that, I'll turn it back and if we could take questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. We'll take our first question from Dave Windley at Jeffries & Company. 

<Q - David Windley>: Hi. Thanks for taking the questions. Paul, the DORYX sales look to trail end user sales by 
maybe even a little bit more than the six million in catch up accruals you mentioned. Could you maybe elaborate on 
that as to some of those differences, maybe some additional differences? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yes. That's a good question David. I 
mean, we think that as we ramp up our loyalty card program, the accounting around that I think I mentioned this story 
in the first quarter call, there is a lot of catch up in there, specifically in this quarter as I mentioned it's about 6 million 
of catch up related to periods prior to April 1st – April 1, 2009. That's the primary piece, which we had going on and 
the reason why we articulated you – we will reach some form of steady state or something, approximately a steady state 
with the utilization in cost per card. And that will give us a better ability to more, more accurately match and demand 
with our net sales. 

With respect to pipeline, there was not a lot going on there in terms of pipeline as DORYX 150 is ramping up, of 
course pipeline is expanding for that. And as DORYX 75 and 100 are ramping down, we have very limited factory 
sales for DORYX 75 and 100. So, there is a lot of factors in the second quarter with respect to DORYX. But, the one 
item that I could highlight for you is that $6 million amount. 

<Q - David Windley>: Okay. And sticking with DORYX, is there, I guess beyond the loyalty card, is there a specific 
detailing message to the 150 that you are able to actively promote, or is it primarily that there is a financial incentive to 
move to the 150? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: It's Roger. It's not – I mean, the financial 
incentive is secondary. The idea behind DORYX and what should be appreciated is that you can take 150 milligrams of 
DORYX in one dose, and in our phase virtually no nausea is associated with it. The issue is that if you ramp the dose of 
Doxycyclin, it becomes more effective. There is a dose ranging relationship, and that acne can be treated far more 
aggressively. And, it's a lot more convenient to be able to take that type of dose once a day. So, not only do you get a 
higher dose, but you get better compliance, and you don't get the nausea that's associated with the generic hyclate. 

<Q - David Windley>: Okay. And then just a balance sheet – quick balance sheet question, it looked like AR increased 
a little bit more than your sequential increase in sales. I wondered if there was any change in collection trend or terms 
there. 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yes, it's Paul. No, there is no change 
there. Our receivables I think, like most peoples in our space is, very predictable. What is less predictable is the exact 
timing of sales as they occur during the quarter. So, it affects your quarter close balance. Over time, our receivables are 
just like everyone else's, just in the low 30 days. 

<Q - David Windley>: Okay, great. Thank you. 

Operator 

And we move on to our next question from Marc Goodman of UBS. 


<Q - Marc Goodman>: Hi. First question is, you have access to the LEO products, the pipeline in derm, can you give 
us any update there of what those products are doing? About accessing a new one. And then, second question is just on 
TACLONEX. Can you talk about what you are doing behind the scenes to get TACLONEX moving better? Thanks. 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: Okay, Marc. It's Roger. As far as the new 
products, we have an excellent collaboration with LEO, and they obviously have been very responsive. I think what we 
are doing at LEO is we are working on products that are probably well positioned for the US. In other words, the driver 
of what we are developing is U.S. markets rather than world markets. And, we have a couple of opportunities that we 
are currently pursuing. And you can appreciate the fact that it's between LEO and us. And we generally don't like to 
make that public unless – until we have obviously more flesh on the bones. But, you can be reassured that the 
LEO-Chilcott collaboration is a very strong one. They are an excellent partner. And I think over the most recent period 
of time, that collaboration has strengthened. So, I think that's what's going – pardon? 

<Q - Marc Goodman>: I was just kind of asking if there is anything new going on there. I mean is there anything 


<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: Yes, there is. But, it's something that's 
between LEO and Warner Chilcott. But, I am trying to bring to color the fact that you can look at LEO's development 
line worldwide, there are some products that are being developed and I'd say at least contemplated and worked on, that 
are specific to the U.S. market, and not the world. In other words, they would launch – they would be our partner 
within the U.S. and they're really peculiar to the U.S. 

I think when you look at Taclonex, and it's kind of interesting, Paul talked a little bit about that, and you're probably 
aware Vectical came into the marketplace. It was interesting in that we thought that Vectical probably would be a 
potential replacement, physicians would try it instead of Dovonex. But, we are actually seeing in some trial that 
Vectical is probably a replacement of TACLONEX. I know it is unusual, but some of these dermatologists, what they 
will do is they'll use TACLONEX during the week and a high potency corticosteroid on the weekend. And, I think in 
some instances, they're trying the Vectical during the week, and see how that works versus the TACLONEX. So, we've 
seen some competition for TACLONEX there, and we just have to work our way through it. But, Marc, I'd encourage 
you to look at Rx size. I think you see a significant movement increase in the size of the Rxs from the 60 gram tube to 
the 100 gram tube. So, the economic value of the Rx for TACLONEX has improved significantly. Paul, any more color 
on that? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yes, I think you've captured it, 
Roger, and we've been saying for quite sometime, as we moved the TACLONEX Rxs over to that 100 gram tube, you 
do have that increase. And so, if you look at raw TRx data, just raw TRxs, you are not getting the full story. 

<Q - Marc Goodman>: Okay. Thanks 

Operator 

We'll take the next question from Gary Nachman of Leerink Swann. 

<Q - Gary Nachman>: Hi, good morning. First, a follow-up on DORYX, is 250 the right price going forward? Could 
that come down even further? And how long will you continue the program? Now that you are at about 80% share, 
does it make sense to continue it indefinitely? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: Well, let's do this – I'll have Paul talk about 
price and I'll talk about the program. Actually, Gary, at the weeklies it's nearly 85% share. So, it's been a very 
successful program, and it appears that most new starts right now in the market have shifted to the 150 because now 
you can use – the clinician can use the 150 and not have to worry about the usual nausea that is associated with using 
the product. And you can dose it up so you can get better relief of symptoms obviously far more quickly. So, we think 
now – we think it's been an effective program. We'll continue with the program, and realistically, we didn't – getting 
85% conversion, can we get 90%, and I think what's happening here is that the 75 and the 100 have been relegated to 
be secondary products. But, we will continue with the program as we get continued success. 


Paul, you want to talk a little bit about the economics? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yes, I mean, I'll even follow on to 
the conversion comment. It shouldn't be lost on anyone, the overall DORYX franchise grew in the second quarter 
compared to the same quarter prior year over 40%. So, the program is effective in driving Rxs. And then to come, 
Gary, back to your, the original question about the 250, is that the right number that you should assume to go forward, 
it is for now. And as I said at the first quarter was – we will continue to report to you what it is based on our actual 
experience as we go forward. I'd say for now that the 250 is as good as the best, most recently available information 
that you are going to have is probably the thing that you should use in your forecast. But, that number is a dynamic 
number. We launched this program, and as you see by that the fact that, we had a kind of $6 million true up if you will 
on the accrual during the quarter, it's something that we are gaining more and more and more experience with. And, as 
we do, we will have better ability to forecast the actual net sales per Rx. But, for now, that's the most recently available 
number. 

<Q - Gary Nachman>: Okay, is there still room for price increases on the product you think? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Say again, you broke up there. 

<Q - Gary Nachman>: Is there still room to take additional price increases that ultimately could help offset some of 
that sales reduction? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: Gary, its Roger. The answer is that price is 
dynamic. And we take price increases – when we need to take price increase, and we are justified. We really don't 
speculate on price increases. 

<Q - Gary Nachman>: Okay. Paul, could you just may be quantify, what was the inventory reduction for the OCs, 
how much of that impact in the quarter? It seems to be across the board for all of your OCs. 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yes, I mean the main one you want 
to focus on is LOESTRIN 24 and we want to – are not going to quantify it for you in a dollar amount, but put it as a 
modest contraction in LOESTRIN 24 kind of not giant, not zero, but a modest contraction. The interesting thing is in 
the year ago quarter, you had a similarly modest expansion if you put those two things together and kind of held back 
your growth compared to the prior year. In OVCON – OVCON, ESTROSTEP, which are just small nothing special 
going on there which is helpful, because you could see contraction in those. And then, with respect to FEMCON, it was 
pretty much flattish. It was really all in LOESTRIN 24. 

<Q - Gary Nachman>: Okay. And then, last question for Roger, just by keeping more cash on hand to do investments, 
could you just review your priorities on the BD front and we obviously all saw the speculation on P&G's business, I 
know you won't comment on it specifically, but maybe you could talk more generally, how you think of that deal 
certainly of that magnitude? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: Well, we take advantage of opportunities. 
We don't speculate on rumors. There is an awful lot of rumors out there about many of the companies. I think one of 
the things that – as we look at our progress, we've been taking debt down. We do get the question, how do you improve 
flexibility and we are going to – are you going to continue to take debt down or you are going to put some cash on the 
balance sheet that allows you some flexibility to look at different types of deals that might become available. And I 
think you are just seeing some of that – some of that flexibility really taking the debt down. We'll put some cash on the 
balance sheet which will position us to create better flexibility for the company to evaluate potentially different assets. 
And we are on record that we love assets. We are not really – we are not crazy about the complexity of companies, but 
if that has to make sense then we are going to evaluate them and it's done on an episodic basis. Our growth going 
forward is based on our ability to develop new products and what comes out of our new product pipeline. The ability to 
make acquisitions would be something on top of that and it is purely episodic and we'd like to take advantage of 
opportunities I mean that's probably in a nutshell. 

<Q - Gary Nachman>: Okay, thanks. 


Operator 

And we will take our next question from Elliot Wilbur of Needham & Company. 

<Q - Elliot Wilbur>: Good morning. First question for Paul, just a follow-up on the loyalty card program. The 250, 
I'm sorry was that the average rate during the quarter or is that the ending rate in terms of ASP for DORYX 150? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: That was the average net sales that 
we achieved for Rx. 

<Q - Elliot Wilbur>: Okay. Can – and Paul, can you help us just understand the mechanics of that, so we can sort of 
figure out to the best of our ability kind of what maybe the risk is to that going forward. Do you actually accrue in for 
some sort of estimated percentage of units shipped where you will see the loyalty card program applied or do you apply 
some sort of pricing discount to every unit that goes out of the door? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yes. It's a good question. It will be 
helpful for those people. They try to model this, because obviously we have a lot better information than you will on 
this. But here are the key things that you need to bear in mind. You have a loyalty card program, the key steps are the 
percentage of Rxs that actually use a card and though I'm not going to tell you what that is. Second is the average 
dollars per card, the average dollars that we pay-out per card that is redeemed. Those are the two key steps and if it 
weren't for the accounting, you kind of just run along and you pay-out whatever you would pay-out. But the accounting 
is such that we actually, for example we start the program in the first quarter, we have made sales during Q4 of '08 
which were still sitting out there in the pipeline and if you assume between wholesale and retail, you have 60 days 
supplies sitting out there. You make an estimate of what your pipeline is in the asset establishment pool in Q1 for sales 
that actually occurred in Q4, right. And you've based it on your best available information then you get into Q2 and you 
have more experience with the card you say yes, utilization is a little higher, cost per card is a little bit higher, getting 
little bit better handle on it, but now you are under accrued for your pipeline sales. So you need to go back and adjust 
that and now is the $6 million amount that I called out for you, because I think that is a helpful number for you to be 
able to get back to what is true end-market demand for the product in the program. Does that answer your question, 
Elliot? 

<Q - Elliot Wilbur>: Yes, other than the fact that what you take at the percentage of what you've 


<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Elliot you actually have got to do 
something here. 

<Q - Elliot Wilbur>: Okay. And 


<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: I'm kidding Elliot. But we as you 
know, we do not forecast. We don't provide forecasts by product. We provide the annual guidance for revenue. We 
update it every quarter. We know you all build models. We try to give you as much information as we can, but we are 
not going to get into levels of minutia with respect to each one of the products, you make – you can arrive at reasonable 
assumptions and you should be able to get there. 

<Q - Elliot Wilbur>: Okay. Fair enough. And then with respect to TACLONEX could you just, maybe give us some 
sort of indication of kind of what the loyalty card impact there was in terms of the ASP? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yes, our experience at the loyalty 
card in TACLONEX has been so far a bit different than it was with DORYX. Here you didn't see the dramatic 
utilization that you saw with DORYX. DORYX, I'd say we view that the royalty card as quite successful in helping us 
one, convert and two, grow the overall franchise. Add a price to that as I said continuous to be value for us at the 
margin. TACLONEX we have shorter period of experience with the program and we are hopeful that as that program 
seasons, we will see more utilization which will help us to get TACLONEX back to a more solid growth mode 


<Q - Elliot Wilbur>: Okay. 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: It's still early on TACLONEX. 

<Q - Elliot Wilbur>: All right. Maybe one final question I guess is for you as well, Paul. G&A has crept up over the 
course of this year, as you have been hit with kind of these one-off costs with re-domiciliation and the like. I'm just 
wondering if you could at this point in time maybe give us sort of – some sort of indication of the full year guidance, 
what dollar amount or what portion of that might be considered transitory and sort of more one-time in nature? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yes. And it's funny because I could 
give you an answer and I am not trying to be evasive by the way. I could give you an answer, but it seems like every 
year there are things that are transitory. This year we've spent a fair amount of money on the re-domiciling project, as 
Roger talked about in his opening remarks and some other items. It's a good sized number. It is more than 10 million 
bucks, but it seems that every year – any year that I've been here we've had something going on that kind of filled that 
bucket. So if you look at our guidance for the full year, this year or G&A I think that as you model it going forward you 
should assume there is always something transitory. 

<Q - Elliot Wilbur>: All right. Thank you. 

Operator 

And we will go next to Scott Hirsch with Credit Suisse. 

<Q - Scott Hirsch>: Yes, hi there. Just curious with Medicis getting approval for their new dosage forms of solid iron 
and clearly this is a marketing sensitive market out there. What's your sense of the market share voice and sort of the 
physician impact on Doxy versus Mino here? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: It's Roger, kind of yes – it's interesting. I 
think Medicis has done an excellent job, certainly in developing ultimate products and building flexibility into their line 
to treat a dynamic disease state. But overall it's been pretty steady, they are actually more – I believe more Doxycycline 
is used now than the Minocycline. But it's really a horse race and it really – a lot of it is physician preference and 
building the argument. But they have built a lot of flexibility into it. We try to differentiate it in that we do see a dose 
response with Doxycycline that we don't seem to see with Minocycline. So I do think you get a much better therapeutic 
advantage, if you can improve the dose or get a higher dose of Doxycycline and what's been holding clinicians back has 
been the relationship to nausea. 

So that if we can improve the dose or get a better dose of Doxycycline, we'll get a better clinical benefit. And I also 
think during the summer, we are dealing with this impression that Doxycycline has photosensitivity and Minocycline 
doesn't, but if you do look at data, the Solodyn labeling, it has the same precautions as Doxycycline. And I think that's 
sort of a deep seated sort of situation that we are trying to overcome. We really don't see the incidents. I mean its photo 

– there is some photosensitivity, but it's very rare. And I think that's one of the things we are trying to overcome in the 
summer time and we do see a bit of a dip. But it's interesting that – although you get that impression when you talk to 
the Lyme disease we see that Doxycycline is used primarily for a Lyme disease, and those cases tend to be in May and 
June, which is the summer time type of disease thing. So it doesn't make much sense that you would see it in acne and 
you don't see it in the Lyme disease. But that's – that's what the match up is and Medicis are – they are a great 
competitors, I will tell you. 
<Q - Scott Hirsch>: Given that your territory, your sales territories are now heavily levered to the women's health area 
and you say that there is actually incremental possibilities in the GP/FP community, any sense here that you would 
co-promote or get a contract sales force into a different demographic? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: No, I don't – as far as co-promoting that's 
probably where we have enough opportunity [inaudible]. We have plenty of things to – that we [inaudible] not the least 
being a new oral contraceptive that we're going to launch next year. So we're getting prepared for that by [inaudible] 


and I think you guys have noticed that if you're an OpEx follower that there's been a significant uplift in our 
LOESTRIN 24 performance and that's not a random math. That is indeed the focus of the sales force in that area in 
preparation for the launch of the new product. So we're taking that action. And dermatology quite frankly has worked 
well and those guys are gearing up for end of August, September, everybody goes back to school and that's prime acne 
time. So we're getting ready for that too. So we're fully utilized, and I don't see us in a co-promotion arrangement. We 
do say looking forward urology would be something that we would deploy against, but we're not quite ready, the assets 
aren't ready yet. 

<Q - Scott Hirsch>: Okay. And I know you said that your low dose could be out early next year and Watson's just 
finished – the one that you signed over to Watson has just finished in phase 3. Can you just give us a sense of the 
timing to market of those two products? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: They've been roughly about six months 
apart. 

<Q - Scott Hirsch>: Okay. 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: It's interesting that when we started the 
programs and this was – they were further apart, they were over a year apart. And it seemed to us probably you could 
launched two assets that are a year apart as a minimum. But they're just too close together and it makes no sense for us 
in launching two products within six months of each other. And so the collaboration with Watson was, we've got 
another excellent product and we can get a piece of that product and focus on our own product. And it just shows you 
what happens when you focus on a product. We were out there with FEMCON and LOESTRIN 24 and we said this is – 
trying to get both products in or we would just simply – let's simplify things and focus on LOESTRIN 24 and you've 
seen the results and Rxs. And hopefully, we hope Watson does a great job with their new product, and we have and 
actually, we have the benefit of having two great products in the marketplace. 

<Q - Scott Hirsch>: Okay. And then just lastly real quickly, Paul, I know you've given us the cash tax rate expectation 
before. I didn't hear it this time. Any change to the 8.4 previous assumption? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: I'm going to have to dig through my 
files, I don't think so but let me dig through it and before we get off the call I'll give you the answer. 

<Q - Scott Hirsch>: Thanks. 

Operator 

And we'll take our next question from Michael Tong of Wells Fargo Securities. 

<Q - Michael Tong>: Hi good morning. Questions on the customer loyalty card. Roger, just want to get your thought – 
there's been some discussion that healthcare reform is going after the customer loyalty card. So I was just wondering to 
hear what you think as far as the real risk is there, how real is that risk, and should that come to a fruition what kind of 
contingency plans do you have to counteract that? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: Well, it's – the loyalty card is not in 
isolation. We also provide samples and what it does is it reduces the economic cost to the patient and it's handled by 
physician. And I think physician is in much better place to understand who is in economic need and imply it to those 
patients, rather than someone that's perhaps separated and just looking for their own economic advantage. People talk 
about this thing, but I think at the end of the day the patient benefits. The physician is the one who chooses who 
benefits. They are probably the best one to decide on that, and there is probably a lot of talk but if loyalty card goes 
away samples are still in place and there is ways to remedy the issue of economic cost and getting the right medication 
to people that perhaps don't have the economics to get the best medication. 

<Q - Michael Tong>: Thanks. And just second question maybe a little broader question. Given where you are in for a 
debt position relative to where you were three years ago, what's your appetite in terms of capital structure as sort of a 


target debt-to-cap ratio? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: That's definitely a Paul question. 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. I would say we are a company 
that's not – that's used debt in the past. Like we said in the past many times, there is a role for debt in our capital 
structure. I wouldn't tell you that we sit here today and say gee, we always want to be levered two times 
debt-to-EBITDA. We're obviously below that now. We're a company that looks to maintain flexibility to access capital 
when we need it. Not sure how else to answer that? 

<Q - Michael Tong>: I'm sorry. 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: I'm not sure how else to answer 
that? 

<Q - Michael Tong>: Okay. All right. Thank you. 

Operator 

We'll take our next question from Scott Henry of Roth Capital. 

<Q - Scott Henry>: Thank you. First, just a question, I know the FDA had a panel earlier this week I believe on the 5th 
with regards to bioequivalence in transdermals. I did not hear it. But I'm curious if you guys followed that, if there were 
any takeaways for your program? And if not, the real question I'd like to get out is how do you think about the generic 
risk for ESTRACE Cream now that it's such a larger part of your portfolio? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: Scott, I didn't hear anything about that 
either or do they come to us. Obviously, it's been going on for a long time and question is if a drug doesn't achieve a 
blood level, how can you make another drug equivalent to it if there is no signal there. The issue with ESTRACE 
Cream is even more complicated than that because the dose changes. What happens is the lining of the – the vaginal 
lining actually improves. So when you first use the product you use it at a higher dose and as the vaginal lining 
improves, it thickens and actually you lower the dose and you get less of a blood level. 

So the dynamics there and generally what the FDA has said is do an efficacy study and use the efficacy study as a 
surrogate for bioequivalence, because I think it just doesn't seem logical that you'd ever be able to dup [duplicate] 
bioequivalence on blood levels. So there still isn't any clarity. I haven't seen any clarity and I haven't seen any 
guidance. And the guidance would be specific to the product and the disease state obviously. So – and the FDA is still 
working on that. So I guess that's where we are. I haven't seen any revelations that I know most recently. 

<Q - Scott Henry>: Okay, thank you. I appreciate the color. And then just quickly for Paul, last thing on DORYX, the 
6 million kind of one-up payment, should that do it? Should we expect any impact in Q3 or Q4 of this year? And the 
other question, were there any price increases in the quarter? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. On the – first of all let me get 
out before I miss it on the taxes. The reason I cramped on the cash tax rate is, we don't provide a cash tax rate estimate 
for the full year. We provide the guidance that our effective tax – corporate effective tax rate on a GAAP basis, would 
be in the mid-to-high teens. Then to your question with respect to the $6 million, first of all, to be clear that's not a cash 
item. It's an accrual item. It's an amount that we add to the accrual during the quarter that was again I called it out 
specifically because it related to a prior period. Could that – could there be continued impacts from that? Yes, there 
could be and it could be up or down. It depends on how the utilization of the card continues, both in terms of the 
percentage of the number of scripts but also – also the average dollars per redemption on using a card. So that number 
can go up and down as we look through the balance of the year. I'm sorry, was there a third...? 

<Q - Scott Henry>: Yeah, just where there any price increases during the quarter? 


<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. Hang on, I'm going to pull out 
my schedule. During the quarter with respect to – wrong file, hold on, I'll come back to you. Okay, I've got the right 
one. Let me – let's look now. On – and this is – I'm looking this on a time-weighted basis. So I'm looking at Q2 of '09 
time-weighted LOESTRIN 24 compared to the prior quarter was up about 7%, DORYX 150 was up 6%, this is 
compared to prior quarter now, Taclonex plus 3% and this time-weighted, and those are the big ones. 

<Q - Scott Henry>: If I could just ask for clarity, what do you mean by it's time-weighted? I mean when I think of 
price increases I think of a price increase that goes into effect in the past three months? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. It's easy when they occur 
April 1. 

<Q - Scott Henry>: Okay. So.... 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: They don't – you don't get the full 
benefit or you're not gaining the full benefit during the quarter. And the reason I call it as time-weighted is because we 
don't go back and make the calculation about when did we sell, what did we sell. We simply say if we took a price 
increase halfway through the quarter and it was 5%, then if we took it halfway through it was – we only got the benefit 
of 2.5% of it on a time-weighted basis. 

<Q - Scott Henry>: Okay. Thank you for the clarification and thank you for taking the question. 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Okay. Thanks. 

Operator 

And we'll move now to David Buck of Buckingham Research Group. 

<Q - David Buck>: Yes, thanks for taking the question. Couple of quick ones. First, can you give an update on 
Udenafil when that's expected to move into phase 3? 

Secondly on LOESTRIN 24, it looked like just using your dollars and IMS scripts, looks like the dollar per script was 
actually up quarter-to-quarter despite the loyalty card. Can you talk about what's going on there? 

And then just for Roger on M&A and business development, can you talk a little bit about whether you're interested in 
pursuing the infertility or pre-term labor areas of women's health, and what the appetite really would be for a 
transformative-type acquisition, given your capital structure? Thanks. 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: You asked a lot of questions, David. The 
Udenafil, we have an investigators' meeting in September. So, that will start in September with an investigators' 
meeting and then it'll start to roll and that's pretty well organized. 

Let me just pitch for M&A and then I'll let Paul talk about LOESTRIN 24 and price per script. We look at infertility 
and that's a submarket in the OB-GYN market. It's a very concentrated area. We have looked at it. We continue to look 
at it. I can't tell you that we're particularly enthused or [inaudible] at this particular moment, but it's interesting, but it is 
a sub market. You just can't draw a line and say because I'm calling on OB-GYN's then I'll pick up infertility. 

As far as our appetite for M&A, [inaudible] opportunity [inaudible]. 

<Q - David Buck>: You're sort of breaking upa little bit. 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: I don't know what's happening here 
[inaudible] probably. But just to reiterate M&A is an opportunity. It's – we are in position. If the opportunity presents 
itself, I think we have plenty of room in the capital structure to pursue it, but then again it's dependent on the 
opportunity. Did you hear that? 


<Q - David Buck>: I think I did. It depends upon the opportunity and you think the capital markets would be friendly 
in terms of access to debt or...? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: Well, I think that – I think Paul can 
speculate on that, but capital markets are fluid, but it depends on how quickly you can get something done. 

<Q - David Buck>: Okay. 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: Paul, you want to talk about LOESTRIN 
and cost? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, on LOESTRIN 24, David, we 

– it's interesting because with respect to DORYX, we call out the net sales per Rx, because of the impact of the card has 
been so dramatic we think in terms of both helping with the conversion and the growth. But also there is a cost 
attendant to that. We think it's important that you know that and the market know that. 
Interestingly, with respect to LOESTRIN 24, a lot of the benefit of that card has not come in the form of major 
redemptions, but has come in the form of giving our sales force a tool and something to talk about. As they're out there 
in the marketplace now, we're probably not going to start reporting what average net sales are for LOESTRIN 24 Rx. 
But I will you that if it were a material – if we had seen a material degradation in our gross to net with LOESTRIN 24, 
we'd report it to you. 

So far utilization has – utilization you compare it again, we have three different programs here; DORYX where you had 
a very rapid ramp up in the utilization of a card Taclonex where it's been a little bit slower, and LOESTRIN 24 where 
there's utilization, but it's not an overwhelming situation where you say, wow this is a – the card is the thing, but the 
thing is with LOESTRIN 24 is the effectiveness of the sales force and the changes that Carl's made in the sales force to 
get that sales force moving and focus on LOESTRIN 24. 

<Q - David Buck>: And just to clarify Paul, on that it looks you're one up a dollar due to that 55 bucks per script. Is 
that what the numbers show? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, your gross selling price per 
unit is 55.23 as of 6/30. 

<Q - David Buck>: Okay, great. Thanks. 

Operator 

And we'll take our next question from Shibani Malhotra of Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - Shibani Malhotra>: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Just a couple, the first one on the new low-dose 
OC. And Roger, I know I ask you about this every quarter, but this is more related to the sales and marketing of that 
product. Based on the profile and the fact that it's a low-dose product, do you see your sales targeting primary care as 
well or do you still see this product as a very specialty OB-GYN type of product? 

And then secondly, is there anything you can tell us, or give us an update on potential follow-ons to DORYX 150, tell 
us what you're doing to make sure that we have that franchise protected beyond Partek? Thank you. 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: First, on the low-dose OC, we don't just call 
on OB-GYNs. We call on high prescribers of oral contraceptives, that primarily happen to be for the most part 
OB-GYNs. So we do call on primary care physicians, and if a dermatologist wrote a lot of oral contraceptives, we call 
on them also. It just so happens when we work through the numbers, that most of them are OB-GYNs. So it's not really 
a redeployment issue. We're deployed against high prescribers of oral contraceptives. 

On the 150, the DORYX front, is there a next generation, or – and we tell you, our R&D people are always hard at 
work. We don't like to speculate in this particular area. We like to keep them hard at work, and we're always working 


on improving our products. I probably should leave it at that. 

<Q - Shibani Malhotra>: All right, thank you. 

Operator 

And that does conclude our question and answer session. I'd like to turn the call back over to Mr. Herendeen for the 
closing remarks. 

Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Yeah, thanks very much everybody for attending the call this morning. We hope we've been able to provide some 
additional color around our press release. We had a good strong quarter. We are excited about the back half of 2009, 
and we look forward to having everybody on the call again at the – for our third quarter call. Thanks very much. 

Operator 

That concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2009, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


