Q1 2009 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
• Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President 
Other Participants 

• Scott Henry 
• Adam Greene 
• Michael Tong 
• Gary Nachman 
• Shibani Malhotra 
• Scott Hirsch 
• James Molloy 
• David Windley 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning, my name is Cecilia and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome 
everyone to Warner Chilcott's Operating Results for the First Quarter 2009 Conference Call. All lines have been placed 
on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. 
[Operator Instructions]. 

I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of 
Warner Chilcott. Please go ahead, sir. 

Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you, Cecilia. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining the call. Early this morning we issued a press 
release that details our first quarter 2009 results as well as a press release announcing the proposed redomicile of the 
company to Ireland. Hopefully you've all had a chance to review each of them. Copies of the press releases are 
available on the company's website. 

Roger and I would like to take a few moments to provide some additional comments with regard to the proposed 
redomicile and our first quarter activities and financial results, which will be followed by a Q&A period. 

Before doing that, let me point out that this call will include forward-looking statements. These statements are subject 
to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause the company's actual results to differ materially from such 
statements. These risks and uncertainties are discussed in our 2008 Form 10-K, which is on file with the SEC and 
available on its website. 

The forward-looking statements made during this call are made only as of the date of this call and the company 
undertakes no obligation to update such statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances. In addition, we may 
make reference during the course of the call to non-GAAP financial measures as defined by the SEC regulations. In 


accordance with these regulations, we have provided reconciliations of these measures in our press release issued this 
morning to what we believe are the most directly comparable GAAP measures. 

With that, let me turn things over to Roger Boissonneault, our President and CEO. 

Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President 

Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us. I'll provide brief update on accomplishments in the first quarter 
before turning it back to Paul, who will provide an overview of the proposed redomicile the company announced this 
morning and cover our first quarter financial results. 

We had a very active start to '09. In addition to posting solid financial results in the quarter, we also achieved a number 
of significant objectives. First, we settled the ongoing patent challenges on both LOESTRIN 24 and FEMCON. Our 
settlement covering LOESTRIN 24 allows Watson an entry to market with a generic to LOESTRIN 24 in January of 
14, six months ahead of the patent's original expiration date. We believe this is a very good outcome for us. It was 
actually late 2008 when we announced our settlement of the primary patent challenge surrounding FEMCON, allowing 
Teva to enter the market with the generic to FEMCON in July of 12 or earlier under certain circumstances. 

In late March '09, we filed an NDA for our low-dose oral contraceptive, and if all goes well, we could be in a position 
to launch the low-dose OC in the first half of '10. With the settlements in place and the NDA filed for our new 
low-dose product, we, and now you, have better visibility into the composition of our home-owned contraceptive 
product portfolio. 

In the near term, our priority is more than ever LOESTRIN 24. During the first quarter of '09, we consolidated our field 
forces that focus on women's healthcare to one sales force with roughly 260 territories. The vast majority of those 260 
women's healthcare territories have LOESTRIN 24 as their number one priority. 

The other focus, although secondary to 24, is on the opportunity we see for continued growth of ESTRACE CREAM. 
As we mentioned on our financial guidance call in January, we've increased our promotional activities for ESTRACE 
CREAM in early '09 to augment the sampling program previously supporting the product. We believe that this will 
continue to have a positive effect on net sales of the product. 

Our priority is expected to remain on LOESTRIN 24 until the launch of the low-dose product sometime next year. 
Thereafter, we plan to shift our emphasis to low-dose product and continue to focus on our growing share of the new 
hormone contraceptive market. 

Shifting gears to our dermatology portfolio, we continue to be very pleased with the growth trajectory of DORYX 150. 
Our dermatology sales force began actively promoting DORYX 150 in mid July, and today, the 150 accounts for over 
75% of new prescriptions for the DORYX franchise. 

During the quarter, we initiated a loyalty card program in support of our sales force promotion of DORYX 150 with 
excellent results. Since the launch of the loyalty card in January – in late January, new prescriptions for DORYX 
franchise are up nearly 40% compared to the same period in '08. 

During the quarter, we received response from FDA to our citizen's petition. The FDA took the position that a 
30-month stay would not apply to the approval of the ANDAs referencing the DORYX 175 milligram strengths that 
were filed prior to the listing of the 161 Patent under the transition rules. We do believe however that the FDA will stay 
for up to 30 months, the approval of two ANDAs referencing DORYX 150 submitted after listing of the 161 Patent, 
where our lawsuits are pending in district court. 

Also during the fourth quarter of '08 and first quarter of '09, we completed the acquisition of rights to products for 
erectile dysfunction, a topical alprostadil cream from NexMed and a PDE5 inhibitor from Dong-A. With these two 
transactions, we continue to expand our product development pipeline, leveraging what we believe is our strength in 
clinical development and regulatory affairs. 


We are on track to start the Phase III trials for udenafil product in the second half of this year. We continue to work 
through the FDA's specific issues with respect to alprostadil product. We hope to be able to give you a better sense of 
where we are with the topical product in the later part of this year. Successful development of these products will 
enable us to expand into another attractive area, erectile dysfunction, by focusing on promotional efforts on urologists 
and high-value primary care targets. 

We made progress on several of our other internal product development projects during the quarter. The treatment 
phase of the Phase III clinical trial for the oral contraceptive that we licensed to Watson was completed in January, and 
we anticipate submitting an NDA for the product in the second half of this year. Upon the launch of that product, we 
will receive a royalty from Watson based on net sales. 

Finally, we continue to make progress in the development of an oral antibiotic for the treatment of acne. 

Let me now turn things over to Paul to discuss the proposed redomicile and take you through the financial results for 
the quarter. 

Paul Herendeen, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President 

Thanks, Roger. Before I take you through the first quarter results, I'd like to provide some details about the redomicile 
the company announced this morning. 

Our Board of Directors has unanimously approved a scheme of arrangement that if it's approved by shareholders and 
the Supreme Court of Bermuda will result in the creation of a newly formed public holding company organized in, and 
a tax resident of, Ireland, which will replace the existing public holding company. 

As was stated in the press release this morning, we believe that redomiciling the company from Bermuda to Ireland 
offers our shareholders several advantages, including a stable, long-term legal and regulatory environment based on 
Ireland's strong international relationships as a member of the European Union, its long history of international 
investment and its robust network of tax treaties with other EU member states and the Untied States and other 
countries. We do not expect that, if approved, the reorganization would have any material impact on the company's 
financial results. 

The company would continue to be registered with the SEC, file financial statements in accordance with U.S.-GAAP 
and be subject to the same SEC reporting requirements. company's common stock would continue to trade on the 
NASDAQ under the ticker symbol WCRX. Full details of the proposed transaction, the associated benefits and risks, 
and the special meeting of shareholders that will be held to approve the reorganization will be provided to shareholders 
in a proxy statement expected to be filed in the near future with the SEC. Investors and stockholders are urged to read 
the proxy statement and any other related documents filed with the SEC carefully in their entirety when they become 
available, because they will contain important information about the proposed transaction. 

As the proxy statement will address the proposed redomicile in detail, Roger and I will not entertain questions related 
to the proposed redomiciling during the Q&A session, although of course we will be happy to address other questions 
relating to the company's first quarter financial results and operations. 

Now let's turn to our results for the first quarter. Our first quarter revenue increased 7% to 246 million compared to the 
first quarter of 2008. The increase in sales was led by increases in DORYX, LOESTRIN 24 and ESTRACE CREAM. 
Sales of our OCs increased 12.5% this quarter versus the first quarter of 2008, primarily driven by sales of LOESTRIN 

24. 
LOESTRIN 24 contributed 52.4 million in net sales in the quarter, up 11.7% over the prior year quarter and that was 
primarily due to an 8.1% increase in filled prescriptions compared to the prior quarter as well as higher average selling 
price, which were offset in part by the impact of higher sales related deductions in the first quarter as compared to the 
prior year quarter. 


FEMCON generated net sales of 12.9 million in the first quarter of '09, representing an increase of 20.2% over the 
same period in the prior year and that was primarily due to a 15.8% increase in filled prescriptions and higher average 
selling prices. 

Turning to our dermatology portfolio, revenues of our dermatology products increased 9.3% or 9.8 million in the first 
quarter of '09 compared to the prior year. The growth was led mainly by increased sales of DORYX, and more 
specifically sales of DORYX 150. 

Net sales of DORYX increased 15.3 million or 43.4% in the first quarter compared with the first quarter of last year, 
and that's primarily due to a 22.6% increase in filled prescriptions as well as higher average selling prices. Since the 
beginning of '09 and using weekly prescription data, the average period-over-period growth for new prescriptions of 
DORYX has been over 30% year to date, and for totals it's over 28%. 

Our emphasis continues to be on DORYX 150. As Roger mentioned, in the quarter we launched a customer loyalty 
card, which not only helped us shift an increasing percentage of the DORYX franchise of the 150 mg strength, but also 
accelerated the growth of the overall DORYX franchise. 

Although this program does decrease our net sales value per script of DORYX 150, the program is profitable for us at 
the margin. For you model builders out there, and I know there are plenty. Our net sales per DORYX 150 Rx was 
approximately $300 in Q1 of '09. As Roger mentioned, based on last week's IMS data, DORYX 150 represented over 
75% of new prescriptions and over 69% of the total DORYX franchise. 

TACLONEX net sales decreased slightly in the first quarter as compared with the first quarter of '08. Filled 
prescriptions for TACLONEX on a per gram basis were essentially flat. The decrease in sales was due to higher sales 
related deductions in the first quarter of '09 and a contraction of pipeline inventories relative to the prior year quarter, 
offset in part by higher average selling prices. 

We believe that TACLONEX will be a growth driver for us in 2009. We have promotional activities ongoing and plans 
for TACLONEX that we believe will assist in driving that growth including the initiation of our loyalty card program 
beginning in Q2. While these promotional activities are centered around our – are called on universe of dermatologists 
and high prescribing physicians, we also believe additional growth for TACLONEX will come from within the GP/FP 
community. We don't directly promote to the GP/FP community, but rather the message of TACLONEX is often 
delivered to these doctors by patients who are currently using the product. 

As anticipated, the net sales of DOVONEX decreased 15.6% in the first quarter of '09, compared to the prior year 
quarter, primarily due to a 24.6% reduction in filled prescriptions and increases in sales-related deductions offset 
partially by higher average selling prices. The decline which is anticipated to continue through 2009 is attributed to 
competition from other therapies as well as the introduction of generic versions of DOVONEX solution. 

Sales of our hormone therapy products increased 0.6 million in Q1 compared to the prior year quarter. The increase is 
primarily due to an increase in sales of ESTRACE CREAM of four million, or 20.7%, resulting mainly from a 15.4% 
increase in filled prescriptions in Q1 '09 compared to Q1 '08. As Roger mentioned in his remarks, we increased our 
promotional activities for ESTRACE CREAM in early 2009, which we believe will have a continued positive effect on 
the net sales of the product. 

Net sales of FEMHRT in the first quarter of '09 decreased 3.3 million compared to the prior year quarter due to a 
14.7% decline in prescriptions and higher sales related deductions partially offset by price increases. 

Our gross profit margin as a percentage of total revenue was 80.2% in the first quarter, which represents an increase 
from 79.2% in the prior year quarter. 

Reported SG&A expenses for the quarter were 46.8 million, a decrease of 8.4 million or 15.3% compared with the 
prior year quarter. 

Selling and distribution expenses, the expenses associated with our field sales forces, decreased 0.7 million due 
primarily to a reduction in our field sales force compared to the prior year quarter. 


During Q1 '09, we continued an ongoing process of optimizing our field sales forces in our new target configuration as 
of April 1 calls for a total of approximately 330 territories; the 260 territories in support of the women's health care that 
Roger discussed in his comments, and 70 territories in dermatology. 

Advertising and promotion expenses decreased 9.5 million, or 55%, in the quarter compared to the prior year quarter, 
primarily due to decreased DTC spending. You'll recall that the tail-end of our consumer advertising spend for 
LOESTRIN 24 was finishing up in Q1 of '08. 

General and administrative expenses increased by 1.8 million or 12.8% in the first quarter of '09 compared to the prior 
year, primarily as a result of increased compensation expenses including non-cash stock based comp, and an increase in 
professional fees. 

R&D expense in the quarter was 23.9 million, which includes a $9 million development milestone paid to Dong-A for 
the Udenafil product; that's the product for the treatment of erectile dysfunction. In addition, the 2.5 million expense 
associated with the purchase of the U.S. rights to NexMed's topical ED product was also recognized in the first quarter 
as an R&D expense. 

As a reminder, our 2009 guidance anticipates increased R&D expenses in the range of 77 to $80 million, which 
includes a total of 15.5 million of anticipated milestone payments. As a result of the payments I just mentioned, roughly 
four million of anticipated milestone payments remain in our guidance for the balance of 2009. 

Turning to amortization, which totaled 57 million in the first quarter of 2009, as we have noted in the past, in 
computing cash net income, we add back the after-tax impact of amortization. Our forecast for aggregate scheduled 
amortization for 2009 based on current assumptions is 228 million, reducing to 161 million in 2010 and 131 million in 
2011. 

Net interest expense for the quarter was 18 million. During the quarter, we made optional prepayments of $100 million 
under our senior secured credit facility, and ended the quarter with a debt balance of 861 million, comprised of 481 
million of bank term debt and 380 million of our 8.75% senior subordinated notes. 

Our reported GAAP net income in the first quarter was 43.3 million. In arriving at cash net income, we add back the 
after-tax impact of booked amortization of intangible assets and the amortization of deferred loan fees. We add these 
items back at the marginal tax rate specific to each item in each period. For Q1 '09, the marginal tax rate for 
amortization of intangibles was 8.4%, and the tax rate for deferred loan fees was 16%. 

Cash net income for the quarter was 97.7 million, or $0.39 per share, based on 250.6 million fully diluted Class A 
shares outstanding. The reconciliation from GAAP net income to cash net income is included in our press release. 

Turning to liquidity, we generated $105 million of cash from operating activities in the first quarter, and ended the 
quarter with a balance in cash and cash equivalents of 30.3 million. As we previously stated, in the absence of 
compelling opportunities to invest our free cash flow in strategic initiatives, such as in licensing opportunities, 
acquisitions, or other internal product development, we expect to continue to use excess cash for de-levering purposes. 

For those debtholders on the call, we included a reconciliation of GAAP net income to adjusted EBITDA in our press 
release. Adjusted EBITDA using the bank bond definition for Q1 of '09 was 143.8 million, a 20.8% increase compared 
to the prior year quarter. 

Before turning to Q&A, let me update you on our financial guidance for the full year 2009. Based on the actual results 
for the first quarter of the year and our current outlook for the remainder of 2009, we are reaffirming our guidance with 
respect to total revenue in the range of 1.015 billion to 1.025 billion, and cash net income per share of $1.55 to $1.60. 

We now expect the total SG&A for the year will be in the range of 203 to 212 million. The $4 million increase from 
our previous guidance relates primarily to the most current view of the expected spending across all three of our SG&A 
categories; selling expense, advertising and promotion, and G&A. We are anticipating lower spending in A&P and 
selling expenses due to the reduction in size of our field sales forces which I discussed earlier. 


Offsetting that reduced spend is an increase in G&A expenses, and that's in part related to increased professional fees 
for outside services, including the proposed redomicile of the company. Offsetting the increased SG&A expense is a 
slightly lower than anticipated GAAP corporate effective tax rate. However, we remain in the mid to high teens 
guidance range we communicated to you back in January. Again, that's a GAAP corporate effective tax rate mid to high 
teens. Using 251.4 million Class A shares outstanding for the full year, the company expects cash net income per share 
to be in the range of $1.55 to $1.60 in '09. 

As a reminder, the details of our 2009 financial guidance can be found at the end of the press release we issued earlier 
this morning. Also let me be clear about certain assumptions included in the updated guidance. While we cannot be 
certain if and when competition for the 75 and 100 mg strengths of DORYX will occur, our current guidance 
anticipates one or more generic competitors entering the market at some point in 2009. Said another way, at this time 
we would not anticipate any change to our full year 2009 financial guidance if generic versions of DORYX 75 and 100 
mg were to enter the market in 2009. 

Additionally, our guidance does not include the potential impact to reported earnings of any new licensing agreements 
with third parties which could increase our R&D expense for the year. Also only R&D milestones expected in 2009 
under our existing agreements are included in our guidance at this time 

With that Cecilia, we are ready to begin the Q&A session. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. And we will go first to Scott Henry of Roth Capital. 

<Q - Scott Henry>: Thank you for taking the questions. It's certainly been a very busy quarter for you. I guess for 
starters and I don't know that you will have an answer to this question either, but I would be curious your take. Last 
week the citizen's petition for DORYX was kind of ruled in your favor partly and not in your favor partly, at the same 
time, we didn't see any generics get approved. Can you read anything into that? I mean does that tell us that perhaps the 
CP is holding them up; really just wanted to get your take if there is any? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: Well, what the CP said basically was and 
ruling – I guess the part that ruled against us says a tablet is a tablet, it doesn't matter if there are pellets in a tablet the 
dose form is a tablet. So they disagreed that the fact that if you put pellets in a tablet you have a different dose form. 
They also said that we didn't have enough clinical data to change our labeling with respect to GI upset. That wasn't 
surprising – that wasn't too surprising either because if it's just labeling you have to do a different type of study. That 
doesn't mean that – it does and it just means that we didn't, couldn't change our labeling. 

But what they did agree on is if you take a controlled release tablet and break it in half, those two dose forms have to be 
the same. And in other words, if you take 150 milligram tablet and break it in half, you have to have two 75s, or if it's 
100, it has to be two 50 milligrams, and they have to have the same kinetics or release characteristics, and they have to 
be equal in dose. So you end up with exactly two 50s. And they also said, if you took the tablet and you crumpled it up 
and put it on applesauce, those kinetics would have to be consistent also. 

So, I guess the issue really comes down to when the – those ANDA is filed, that dose form wasn't even in the 
marketplace. So it would appear to me or to anybody skilled in this from the FDA's point, that you would have to have 
an example of the dose form to compare it to, to do those studies as part of a filing. I don't know what happened out 
there so I can't tell you with any definitive – but it would seem that if you did have an ANDA before that dose form 
was in the marketplace, you would have to supplement it. 

<Q - Scott Henry>: Okay. Thank you for the color. And, Paul, did I hear you correctly that you would not change 
guidance if the lower dose generics were approved? 


<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yes. Scott, that's correct. We would 
not, at this stage, change our guidance if they were a 75 or 100 approved in '09. 

<Q - Scott Henry>: Okay. And if I could just ask one more question. Just on ESTRACE CREAM, I mean the product, 
I'd never really thought about in too much detail, but it's clearly become a significant revenue driver. Could you just 
talk in general terms about how long you expect that growth to continue, how should we think about that product over 
the next couple of years? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: Well, we'd like to take full responsibility for 
what's happened with estrogen creams, but I got to tell you it's probably more of a market function, in that, as a result 
of WHI, clinicians have been far more conservative in prescribing systemic hormones, particularly estrogen 
replacement. 

That being said, there is still – are issues that have to be dealt with, and one being vaginal dryness. And local applied 
estrogen has become quite popular. And sort of, I'm not going to use systemic, I'll use systemic to deal with hot 
flushing, but as for vaginal dryness, local application of estrogen remedies the situation, and there is virtually no 
exposure – systemic exposure to estrogen. 

So in looking at the marketplace, although we've seen the decline in real prescription, in units, in oral therapy we've 
seen an increase in topical application, and ESTRACE CREAM is participating in this, and we thought we'd take 
advantage of the situation because of the fact that we have natural estrogen in ESTRACE CREAM, and it's been a 
product that's been in the marketplace for quite some time. And we actually improved the applicator for the product 
most recently, so the sales representatives are sampling the product and talking about the product. 

<Q - Scott Henry>: Okay, thank you for taking the question. 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Thanks, Scott. 

Operator 

And we'll go next to Adam Greene of RBC Capital Markets. Go ahead, Adam, your line is open, sir. 

<Q - Adam Greene>: Sorry about that. Good morning. I was hoping you could talk a little bit more about the loyalty 
card, just exactly the details around that. And if you expect that, I know you talked about the ASP in the quarter I guess 
around $300. But you took a 7% price increase late April, do you expect any of that to flow thorough? And just kind of 
how you see pricing evolving throughout the year as the risk of generics kind of dissipates? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: The loyalty card is not new. There is other 
products, and we're not the innovator in using a loyalty card, but what it really does is the customer pays $25, and that's 
the most exposure they have, whether they have third party pay or not. If they do have third party pay, it helps to offset 
the cost of the medication, but at the end of the day, if someone were just paying cash, the maximum exposure they 
would have would be $25. And in this particular category, a lot of this is third party pay. So there is some economic 
exposure, but at the end of the day the customer benefits and as far as that I'll pass that along to Paul. 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: And, Adam, the reason why we 
articulate really for the first time kind of an average net sales per Rx is we know that as you guys all try to build your 
models, try to figure out well, how do I think about this loyalty card program, I think that, much like one of our friendly 
competitors, we will start to, on an ongoing basis, let you know how that's trending. But prior to the implementation of 
loyalty card, you had roughly $330 per Rx across the – across all sales and that's down to 300. I did remark in my 
opening segment there that, at the margin, this is helping to drive fairly significant growth of the franchise, and the cost 
of that is decreased growth – decreased net sales per Rx; in other words, an increase in our degradation of gross to net 
with respect to DORYX. 

<Q - Adam Greene>: And then if I could just follow-up on TACLONEX, what was the average grams per Rx this 
quarter? Was it up significantly from Q4? 


<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: It's – yeah, it's moving up. 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, the grams per Rx in Q1 was 
about 76 grams per Rx. If you look at the prior year, it was about 74. So it's not moved up dramatically. As I reported, 
total grams prescribed during Q1 of '09 was essentially flat versus Q1 of '08. 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: If you look at the prescriptions, you'll see 
that the number of prescriptions for the 100 gram product has improved dramatically, and that we have also 
implemented a loyalty card with TACLONEX, and has – most of the prescriptions – I would expect that most of the 
prescriptions will shift to the 100 gram tube. 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Adam, this is Paul, the loyalty card 
is with respect to the TACLONEX 100 gram tube. 

<Q - Adam Greene>: Great. Thanks. 

Operator 

And our next question comes from Michael Tong at Wachovia Capital Markets. 

<Q - Michael Tong>: Good morning. Just a follow-up on ESTRACE CREAM, certainly a product that seems to be 
growing. And I am just wondering your view on generic risk, given that it's got no exclusivities attached to that product 
anymore. While I'd appreciate the topical and hormonal nature of the product, as the product gets larger, how do you 
see the generic risks shaping up? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: Well, Michael, as you are probably aware, 
you have to do a kinetic study or a bioavailability study in context with this product because it is indeed topical. And 
the issue being that it doesn't produce for most part measurable blood levels of beta estradiol. The other issue is the 
amount of ESTRACE CREAM you take varies. So as one begins taking ESTRACE CREAM, the vaginal epithelium 
improves and they require less cream. So fact is that – and actually if you saw blood level to begin with, they probably 
would diminish over time that is because of two things, vaginal epithelium improves and you are using less product to 
achieve the desired effect. So, if one wanted to go down that path, and there is no guidance in place right now, it would 
be to achieve a similar clinical end point and you could see the difficulties in doing that. So we haven't seen any 
activities on the part of generics in this area, because it is a very difficult target. 

<Q - Michael Tong>: Okay. And another follow-up on TACLONEX. Looking at the prescription trends, I mean we've 
seen three straight quarters of year-over-year decline and of course I mean there is certainly shift towards the 100 gram 
tube, but what are you thinking in terms of driving TRx growth, I mean what else can you do? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: Well, I think there is a couple of things that 
are going out. One of it is that the Rx – see you can't have both, the Rx size has gotten larger, so you are using more 
grams and you've seen the number of scripts go down, they are not mutually exclusive. I think the other thing you saw 
Vectical get launched into the marketplace, which is not a combination product, but to some effect it affects us because 
they can use the Vectical in combination with a high potency cortical steroid. So, what we are doing is that we are 
trying to maintain the noise in the marketplace because it is the safest combination, it's the easiest combination to use, 
but that doesn't stop other people from promoting other products that it could impact our marketplace and I think you 
see the natural migration that you can use this product because it is so safe and in larger forms. In other words, you can 
use 100 grams. But I think it's also important to note that we are working closely with LEO in developing of new 
products for this particular area what will help address some of these competitive needs. 

<Q - Michael Tong>: Okay, great. Thank you. 


Operator 

And we'll go next to Chris Schott of JPMorgan. 

<Q>: Hi, just – this is Yuri calling for Chris. Just one question please. Looking at the changes to guidance on the cost 
side, could you maybe give a little detail on what's driving the shifts in SG&A, maybe specifically on the G&A line? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, hi Yuri, it's Paul. Yeah, as I 
mentioned it's mainly around two things. One was compensation and that's non-cash share based comp, and the second, 
which obviously was different as we saw it through the first quarter than what was incorporated in our guidance when 
we first issued it beginning of the year. And the second was increased in outside cost and I specifically referenced the 
redomiciling project. That is a complicated and expensive process. 

<Q>: Okay, great. Thank you. 

Operator 

And next David Buck of Buckingham Research. 

<Q>: Yes, thanks for taking the question. First is for Paul on the sales related deductions in inventory. Can you be a 
little more specific on LOESTRIN 24 and TACLONEX? And for TACLONEX, the price per Rx, is that the going the 
forward price after the recent price increases or is that the March quarter average price per Rx, that $300 per Rx? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: I am sorry Dave, your first question 
is around pipeline or you're talking about sales related? 

<Q>: Well, the pipeline inventory contraction and sales related deductions. 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, pipeline, let me go to the 
pipeline first. Really during the quarter – during the quarter of '09 and this is relative to prior year, LOESTRIN 24 was 
a modest expansion, DOVONEX was relative to the prior year an expansion, the TACLONEX relative to the prior year 
was – it get complicated here, I'd say lesser contraction, so that's like an expansion, and again none of these are getting 
to a point where there is enormous amounts of inventory out there, it's just relative to the prior year quarter. DORYX 
was a contraction and ESTRACE CREAM was a contraction. 

<Q>: Okay. And the confidence in keeping the guidance unchanged with a generic that may come in I guess why or 
what's the confidence? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Why are we confident that we 
wouldn't change guidance? 

<Q>: Right. 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, I think when we look at the 
recent script trends with respect to DORYX, the overall franchise is growing quite nicely and it's built into our 
expectations for the balance of the year. 

<Q>: Okay. And that was a change versus the prior quarter, wasn't it? The prior quarter guidance had included no 
generics, correct? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: We had said we did not expect it a 
generic at that time. That is correct. 

<Q>: Okay. And just one final, if the tax redomiciling had not gone – or if the redomiciling had not been contemplated, 
what would the tax rate have been in 2011 say? 


<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, importantly at this stage all we 
talk about is the full balance of 2009, that's what we provide guidance on. But very importantly, the statement I made 
during my remarks was if we complete this redomiciling, we need to have – we need to have a shareholder meeting and 
make it happen. But if we complete it, it will not change our guidance with respect to our income taxes. 

<Q>: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you. 

Operator 

And next we'll go to Gary Nachman of Leerink Swann. 

<Q - Gary Nachman>: Hi, good morning. First on gross margin. Paul, do you think that's sustainable given the shift to 
the DORYX 150 and I guess could it go even higher as that shift continues throughout the year? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, I think we are – we are still 
looking for – we are stilling looking for the same level of gross profit margin for the full-year as was contained in our 
guidance, it was 79 to 80%. I would characterize, if you look at the quarters, it can bump around plus or minus. The 
first quarter was a solid quarter for couple of reasons and we had expected to continue for the balance for the year to be 
right in that range of 79 to 80%. 

<Q - Gary Nachman>: Okay. And then regarding the sales force realignment, do you think anything is going to 
change there if you guys launch the new low dose OC in the early part of next year and I guess is some of that 
realignment factoring in that new low-dose coming in next year? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: No, the basis of the realignment was we 
actually had two types of sales reps in a district, one that was promoting FEMCON, the other one promoting 
LOESTRIN 24 with a common district sales manager. And we are just – so the issue is the district sales managers, 
nothing really changes for them other than the fact that everyone now is focused on LOESTRIN 24, and so their 
priorities are aligned. We just want to make sure that that focus was in place prior to launching the new product, 
because at that point, then we are going to go after new starts, with the new product, with a sales force focused on 
LOESTRIN 24. And we want to make sure that's going and optimized because that's going to be helpful for everyone 
being on board at student body right when we launch the new product in the first – in the first half, I should say, of 
2010. 

<Q - Gary Nachman>: Okay, thanks. And just lastly just a follow-up to David's question just before. Paul, could you 
give anymore clarity on just what sort of an impact you had from, I guess there was some sales deductions or additional 
rebates in the quarter. What were those? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: It was really related to the 
accounting around the initiation of the loyalty card programs. I am glad you brought it up, because I would submit, for 
example, with respect to LOESTRIN 24 and TACLONEX, the increased sales related deductions are related to a 
loyalty card program that wasn't put in place until Q2. 

But under accounting convention, or under GAAP, you have to look backwards and say, well, I started that program in 
Q2. As of March 31, I had inventory out there in the pipeline that was sold, which theoretically is the product that you 
will match off it will ultimately be fulfilled with using a card. And so, while we were, at the time we initiated 
specifically the LOESTRIN 24 and TACLONEX programs, required to go back and establish reserves for the cost – the 
estimated costs of those programs in Q1. But for the initiation of those programs in Q2, our Q1 would have been 
stronger. 

Now as we go forward, you would expect, in a kind of normal course, you will continue to accrue against that. Point 
out, we've used coupons in the past. This is not a lot different. It's just – it's a different form of a program. 

<Q - Gary Nachman>: Okay. So should we expect that to happen with TACLONEX now that you are initiating that? 
Or is – that's already 



<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: We already took a hit for it in the net 
sales in Q1, because we had to establish a reserve specifically for TACLONEX inventory, which was out there in the 
channel. And again, it's -- the matching concept for accounting purpose is a little different the way we think about it. 
We think about you initiate a program and it drives, if it works like it's working with DORYX, it drives incremental 
demand, which is evidenced by increased Rxs. So it kind of took a bit of a hit with respect to LOESTRIN 24 and 
TACLONEX in Q1 while those programs will presumably start to show benefits in Q2 and beyond. 

<Q - Gary Nachman>: Okay. Thanks, that's helpful. 

Operator 

And we'll go next to Shibani Malhotra of Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - Shibani Malhotra>: Hi, thanks for taking my question. I've actually got a couple of questions. First on guidance 
and DORYX; Paul, I know you said that you wouldn't change guidance if you see a generic at the end of the year. But 
according to our calculations, if you don't see a generic by the July timeframe, you pretty much hit your DORYX 
guidance at least for the year. So, if we don't see a generic in the next couple of months, would you consider increasing 
your guidance, given the rate at which the 150 is going? And then, I have a separate question. 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. First of all, to be quadruple 
clear, we do not provide guidance with respect to individual products. And our belief is that at this stage, if there were 
to be a 75 or 100 denounce, we would not change our overall guidance for revenue and profit for the year. So I think 
that should tell you, well, we've kind of baked in what we think is likely to happen over the course of the year. And as 
we sit here today, we would not change our guidance. As to whether we'll change in the future, we have to wait until 
the future to go ahead and speak to that. 

<Q - Shibani Malhotra>: All right. And then, the second question is for Roger. I mean can you take us through the 
profile of the low-dose OC a bit more? I guess what we're trying to understand here is how this would compare to 
LOESTRIN 24, and how we should think about modeling this. Would this be cannibalization of 24, or would it be a 
completely new product? How should we be thinking about that? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: Well, you are persistent in asking about 
that, so you get an A for persistency. But I think how you should look at it, and let's go back and looking at the market 
and – 20% of the market is really the new start. So there is not going to be the situation where you're going to be – 
we're going to take everybody from LOESTRIN 24 and put them on the new product. The shift will be – this will be a 
new start product. 

And that cohort that's been on LOESTRIN 24, unless the clinician for some reason wants to move and switch this 
patient to the new product, then they can, but anytime you move a woman from one OC to another, you're always going 
to get some type of disruption in cycle control. So there is some type of penalty unless there is some overwhelming – or 
perhaps for comfort reason for that particular patient, whether they are getting some type of hormone related side 
effect, this is – this will ameliorate, they will make the switch. 

But from our point of view is, this isn't saying – it's similar to when we have LOESTRIN 120, we had 1.5/30 and 
although – I think most clinicians would start, they begin to start patients on the 120, some women just didn't have 
appropriate cycle control, and they were moved to the 1.5/30 and you see the certain – the same phenomenon with the 
ortho products. 

So the birth control pills are always going to be the constant here and different women are going to respond to different 
birth control pills differently. Here we believe that the new product will be – I think it will be a compelling product to 
start with. And if that woman is not comfortable on it, then certainly there will be a spot for the LOESTRIN 24 product. 
So – but to start the new startpill, our ideal new start pill will be the new product starting when – as soon as we can get 
it into our hands. 


<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Hey Shibani, it's Paul. I want to 
follow-up on that too, but I'm glad you asked the question. As we see it right now and we've said this in some of our 
public appearances recently but it's worth saying again. Right now with respect to the hormonal contraception space, 
we have better visibility into what we're going to be doing in that space. We have better visibility today than we've had 
for quite some time and I think we've got a nice portfolio of assets that we can continue to promote. 

As Roger says, we hopefully have the opportunity to launch the low-dose asset next year. We have FEMCON, which 
we expect to have exclusivity in the marketplace to 2012. We have LOESTRIN 24, which continues to be a growth 
driver for us, which we expect goes out to the beginning of 2014. And if you look at our overall portfolio of assets, we 
would expect to increase our overall share of the hormonal contraception space over the course of the next several 
years. And that's a lot different from where we were perhaps a year ago when people were quite worried about 
LOESTRIN 24 going away and an at-risk launch and nobody gave a lot of benefit, I don't think, to FEMCON as an 
asset. So we feel in the hormonal contraception space particularly, we know what we're going to be doing there and we 
will hope – our intention is that we will grow our overall share in that space for the next several years. 

<Q - Shibani Malhotra>: Okay, great. Thank you. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. And we'll go next to Scott Hirsch of Credit Suisse. 

<Q - Scott Hirsch>: Good morning. A question on DORYX. Given the success of the ramp so far, is there any thought 
or any value to removing or discontinuing the previous two dosages in the market? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: No Scott, I think the 150 has been 
extremely successful, but you're never going to get 100% because some of these – actually some of these clinicians that 
write the 100 and perhaps the 75, we don't even call on them. Some of the business actually moves into primary care, 
they may not even know there's 150 out there. So I don't think on the margin or if you remove it from the marketplace, 
all you do is disturb the market, create confusion. Our intention is to leave it into the marketplace. 

<Q - Scott Hirsch>: It wouldn't drive incremental to the 150 to protect a little bit of the franchise from the generics? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: Yeah, I don't think. You're making the 
assumption that every one who's on the 100 is going to get moved to the 150. And I – like I said, that patient might 
have been started on a dermatologist and they are with a primary care physician who just doesn't even know that a 150 
exists. 

<Q - Scott Hirsch>: Okay. 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: So it's sort of like it's a good idea, let's cut 
off the tail and everything moves to a 150. But it really doesn't work that way in the marketplace. 

<Q - Scott Hirsch>: Okay, fair enough. And you indicated the filing on the new low-dose OC, just following up on 
that. Not specific to the product, but given the FDA's current environment, have you included a REMS piece in this 
filing or do you think you're going to have to? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: I don't think so. I don't – you know I haven't 

– you'd have to talk to the regulatory people because it hasn't been brought to my attention. 
<Q - Scott Hirsch>: Okay, fair enough. And then just also on the pipeline and I know guidance doesn't assume any 
additional licensing or anything like that. But, are you guys looking at opportunities outside women's or now men's 
health as well an outside derm? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: Well, I think you've seen that and that we've 

– we're into – we're talking about erectile dysfunction, I guess the answer to that, Scott, is that we let the asset drive the 

decision. There is example of some assets perhaps that we would have purchased that turned out to be great and it 
requires a little bit of refocusing. I think one of the things about it – it's opportunity cost for the sales force and the sales 
force as it's sized right now, certainly we can go after specialty areas like urology, gastroenterology. And I guess the 
question is would you go after a primary care based product. But then again it would depend on the product and is it 
worth ramping up. But I think again your decisions are based about product and their availability. And if we had an 
opportunity, yeah, we'd pursue it, but it have – it would have to represent an opportunity cost for us to move off the 
current assets we have. And again – and I should point out the current pipeline that we're developing internally. 

<Q - Scott Hirsch>: Okay, fair enough. And then just really finally, you mentioned that LOESTRIN remains the sales 
focus for the most part, but curious as DORYX's success plays out over this year, would you put more effort behind the 
TACLONEX Scalp product? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: Well, I think we do have that effort in place 
as evidenced by the fact that we introduced a loyalty card for TACLONEX ointment and we're looking at – we're going 
to take a look at that and see how it responds before we make a decision around the Scalp product. The Scalp product is 
a pretty unique product and it works well. And on the margin, do we need a loyalty card for the Scalp product? Putting 
loyalty cards in place is not a trivial task, but we want to see the – increase the overall franchise or the number, the 
amount of product used, so we're taking a close look at that. But it's – yeah, you're right, it's an excellent product and 
actually we've had the sales force out there, I think over the last month introducing the TACLONEX loyalty card, so 
there has been a lot of noise around TACLONEX. 

I got to tell you the response from dermatologists about TACLONEX is they seem to love the product. And sometimes 
there is an economic barrier in place and if we remove that would there be more widespread use of the product and 
would you use more of the product because maybe they are reserving the use of this for just areas like the hands and the 
feet or just exposed areas – difficult areas to treat where they could use it perhaps in larger areas if the economics 
improved. So, we're taking a look at that and we're in fact talking about TACLONEX ointment as I speak, and perhaps 
we may expand the use of the loyalty card to the Scalp product. 

<Q - Scott Hirsch>: Okay, thank you. 

Operator 

And we'll go next to Jim Molloy of Caris & Company. 

<Q - James Molloy>: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Just a quick follow-up on the pipeline. I want to check 
the timelines on the second low-dose OC and the LEO 8190 topical psoriasis, what's the latest update on where those 
are standing? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: Well the – as the what we call the Watson 
product, now which is the second product, has been tracking and continue to track right about six months behind the 
low-dose OC, so we're going to file that. I think that goes in – that's the second half, probably third quarter and that's on 
track and actually that's an electronic filing, so that's progressing well. So we would assume that these products are just 
separated by six months and I think it's the second half or probably into the – around the third quarter that that gets 
filed. And we're searching around looking for the 8190 and I'm not sure from the number which one of the LEO 
products that is. 

<Q - James Molloy>: Topical psoriasis in Phase III, I think we're targeting and maybe an NDA second half 2010? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: That – is that the body product? Okay. I 
think we've got discussions around that, which we're actually talking with LEO on several fronts with some other 
products and which product gets the priority, so that one I think right now is in discussion. Okay? 

<Q - James Molloy>: And when do you think your next updates on those might come out? 


<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: Yeah, I think, well, there is – we have two 
issues going on here, we've got – what we're trying to do is get all resources aboard, the most important projects and it's 
like what I call a first class problem with LEO is that we have several projects that are going on and being evaluated at 
the same time and we just want to make sure that we're – we just don't get too far ahead with a project that we believe 
that's not as valuable as perhaps something else that we can advance if we put our shoulders to it. So I think that will – 
that clarity will come in time but be reassured that we are working at several products with LEO in the area of 
psoriasis. 

<Q - James Molloy>: Certainly I understand that, trying to keep track of them as we go here. Okay, then final 
question. On the DORYX applesauce issue, obviously you mentioned that the applesauce dosing hadn't – wasn't 
available prior to the ANDA being filed, what is your expectation now, sort of realistically as you look at it and say 
well, you have this applesauce, you have the CP ruling, what do you think might be some realistic timing should the 
generics have to go back and run these trials to prove bioequivalence. 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: I think Jim, the applesauce labeling actually 
had been in place, and we just make double positive that that indeed, would be something that would have to be put in 
the label. That was added to the citizen's petition. 

So that – the dosing on applesauce was in place I guess when they filed, it looks to be that is was – when they filed 
these ANDAs the score tablets probably was a little more difficult for them to have that in place, not only do you have 
to be able to put it on applesauce, you have to be able to break these tablets and – the tablet in half. So if I had 100 
milligram tablet, I broke it in half and sprinkled that on applesauce, I have to demonstrate that what I broke in half is 
exactly the 50 milligrams. 

And per se you had an enteric coated tablet and you didn't have the pellets and you broke it in half, you would seriously 
disrupt the kinetics of that product. So because our pellets are enteric coated, you can indeed break these tablets in half. 
And both sides of the tablet are equivalent, so that you know that you have a 50 milligram product. That even if you 
took half of that product and put it on applesauce, you'd know exactly what you'd have in the applesauce and the 
applesauce wouldn't disrupt the kinetics of the product either. 

<Q - James Molloy>: If you were to run some trials trying to approve bioequivalence on your end, what do you think 
it would take for that to run? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: Well that's – well, we're not a generic 
company and generally bioequivalence products take several weeks. 

<Q - James Molloy>: Okay. Thank you very much for taking my questions. 

Operator 

We will go next to Dave Windley of Jefferies & Company. 

<Q - David Windley>: All right, thanks. Thanks for taking the questions. I want to make sure I understand correctly; 
on your sales force realignment that going forward you're not going to be actively detailing FEMCON, is that right? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: Absolutely right. And FEMCON is not 
going to be actively detailed and played – in other words, before we had a separate rep that – well let's say that 
FEMCON was in #1 position and LOESTRIN 24 is in the #1 position for the other group of sales representatives. As 
the situation progresses, everyone will be sampling FEMCON. So, and we're not out there trying to switch FEMCON 
to LOESTRIN 24, all right. But the issue here that we also wanted to bring ESTRACE CREAM into the mix and 
ESTRACE CREAM is actually a much larger asset than FEMCON and its growth characteristics are more appealing. 

So what we've done is, we've said okay, we're going to continue to sample FEMCON and support those users of 
FEMCON, but the number one priority has to be LOESTRIN 24. So we're all focused on LOESTRIN 24 in preparation 
for the next generation product. And in concert with that, in the second position, we wanted ESTRACE CREAM 


because of the opportunity the ESTRACE CREAM currently has, and we want to leverage that – our position with 
ESTRACE CREAM. 

<Q - David Windley>: Okay. And so as part of that, are you anticipating then that FEMCON will slow in its growth or 
flatten or would it even possibly decline? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: You know the interesting thing is we 
implemented this in the first quarter, and you can see – you really haven't seen it dramatically affect FEMCON because 
the samples are in place. In a lot of situations that same sales rep is there and of course they associate the sales rep with 
the product. And I think we're beginning to see more new starts on LOESTRIN 24 as we focus our emphasis. I think 
this is getting everybody focused on the right product, taking – and I always tell – these assets are like battleships, so 
even when you take some promotion off, they just continue that momentum. So we'll see that momentum for FEMCON 
continue for a period of time, but we want to see the LOESTRIN 24 momentum more than offset that decrease around 
FEMCON. 

<Q - David Windley>: Okay. On the LEO products, you mentioned – you've mentioned a couple times projects are 
ongoing, what's the status of the IP? Is that debate still ongoing or has that pretty much been closed with most of the 
claims removed from the primary patent? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: Well, I think what you're talking about is 
around the TACLONEX... 

<A>: patent re-exam 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: .And that – remember, now – no one is 
questioning the TACLONEX patent, it's the breadth of the TACLONEX patent. 

<Q - David Windley>: Right. 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: And that, I think we told you upfront that 
this would be a very slow process and it is in fact a very slow process and that's ongoing and actually there is nothing 
new to report. 

<Q - David Windley>: And for the subsequent development projects, they would have their own IP or how much do 
they rely on some of the claims that are or were made in the TACLONEX patent? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: It's like – I'd have to say all of the above. 

<Q - David Windley>: Okay. 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: If it can fit underneath that patent, we're 
going to fit it in, but we do have – we're always looking for new intellectual property to wrap around new assets. And 
that's one of the – that is indeed one of the issues moving forward that could we – because that patent I believe goes 
beyond 2020. Can we leverage that patent position and if we're developing new products, it's already taken into 
consideration putting intellectual properties, so that's the new innovative and extending the intellectual property around 
the new asset. 

<Q - David Windley>: Okay. And then finally on the loyalty cards, have you seen any – it's not really a competitive 
response so much, but a preventative, maybe, response from managed care in your negotiations since a loyalty card is 
put in place understanding that the loyalty card is not directed at them, but it can have a influence on their ultimate 
expense on that product franchise? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: Well I – we, in short, we haven't heard 
anything back from managed care, but in many situations it actually helps them. Because the cash alternative is better 
than using the paid or the – in other words, if that patient goes in there and they ended up paying it for themselves, it's a 
no burden whatsoever for the managed care organization. 


<Q - David Windley>: Right. And you said that that coverage or the prescriptions filled that are out of pocket, what 
percentage of total is that? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: That's one of the things that if we knew, 
Paul wouldn't have to make reserves on this. So we're still thinking about that. 

<Q - David Windley>: Right, okay. 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: We're still learning – it's still early. 
I'd say that our early experience is consistent with what we taught and that's why I said we will also report generally 
what the net sales per Rx are for DORYX as we go forward so that you can follow along too. 

<Q - David Windley>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

And we have a follow-up from Adam Greene with RBC Capital Markets. 

<Q - Adam Greene>: Just a quick follow-up on that last question there. I think Paul you had mentioned that the 
loyalty cards were – impacted sales in Q1, but earlier in your answer to a question you mentioned LOESTRIN 24 and 
TACLONEX, I think you meant DORYX, is that correct? There is no loyalty card on LOESTRIN 24 in the quarter, 
correct? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, there is – there wasn't in the 
quarter and this was – let me be very clear on this. That loyalty card that was in place was with respect to the DORYX 

150. In Q2, starting in Q2, we have loyalty cards that we are putting out there with respect to TACLONEX ointment 
and LOESTRIN 24 and the impact of that goes back on the GAAP results or net sales for both LOESTRIN 24, and 
TACLONEX even though the programs were not implemented until Q2. So there wasn't – there is an impact on Q1 
even though the programs did not start from Q2. 
<Q - Adam Greene>: Is there anyway to quantify what the impact was in Q1 from the reserves, from the... 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: No. We're not going to get into that. 
We don't provide product guidance and no. 

<Q - Adam Greene>: Okay, okay. And what is the rationale for the loyalty card on LOESTRIN 24? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: Well we haven't talked about that. But that 
would be a Q2 sampling of program which we weren't on because basically what had happened is – and the accrual is 
for DORYX and TACLONEX but not for LOESTRIN 24 because we didn't – that doesn't start until Q – second 
quarter. But we're looking into that and we're evaluating that for LOESTRIN 24 to just see if that we could leverage 
that program against our oral contraceptive business. 

<Q - Adam Greene>: Thanks. 

Operator 

And having no further questions in queue, I would like to turn the conference back over to management for any 
additional or closing remarks. 

Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Great. It's Paul speaking. Thank you all for being on the call this good morning. Lots of good questions. We feel like 
we had a very strong first quarter of this year. We're looking forward to the balance of 2009 and we look forward to 


speaking to you again on our Q2 call. 

Thank you very much. 

Operator 

And that does conclude today's conference ladies and gentlemen. We appreciate everyone's participation today. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2009, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


