Q2 2011 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Paul S. Herendeen 
• Roger M. Boissonneault 
Other Participants 

• Shibani Malhotra 
• Marc Goodman 
• Christopher T. Schott 
• David R. Risinger 
• Michael K. Tong PhD, CFA 
• Corey Davis 
• John T. Boris 
• Louise A. Chen 
• Chris Mark Holterhoff 
• Gary Nachman 
• Greg P. Waterman 
• Bill J. Tanner 
• Gregg Gilbert 
• Scott R. Henry 
• David G. Buck 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome everyone to the Warner Chilcott Announces Second Quarter 2011 
Financial Results Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen only mode. Later we will conduct a 
question and answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's 
conference call is being recorded. 

I'd now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Paul Herendeen, Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead. 

Paul S. Herendeen 

Thank you, Alley. Good morning. Thank you for joining the call. Earlier this morning, we issued a press release that 
details our second quarter results. The press release is available on our website if you don't already have it. 

Roger and I will take a few minutes to give a general business overview and – of the second quarter and the second 
quarter financial results which will be followed by a Q&A period. As I talk about our financial results I'll try to call out 
any non-recurring items. 

Before doing that, let me point out that on this call will we will make forward-looking statements. These statements are 
subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause the company's actual results to differ materially from 
such statements. These risks and uncertainties are discussed in our 2010 Form 10-K and other filings which are 


available on the SEC's website. The forward-looking statements made during this call are made only as of the date of 
this call, and the company undertakes no obligation to update such statements to reflect subsequent events or 
circumstances. 

In addition, we'll make reference during the course of the call to non-GAAP financial measures as defined by SEC. In 
accordance with SEC regulations, we have provided reconciliations of these measures in our press release issued this 
morning to what we believe are the most directly comparable GAAP measures. 

With that, let me turn it over to our Roger Boissonneault, our President and CEO. 

Roger M. Boissonneault 

Thanks, Paul. I'll try to slow it down a tad. I can characterize our first half of 2011 with the phrase, we can do better. 
2010 ended with our R&D organization demonstrating their expertise by generating three NDA approvals. Building on 
recent transitions, we expect the R&D team will continue to perform at a high level which we believe should enable us 
to protect and grow our various product franchises. 

Where we can do better is executing against the opportunities in front of us, starting with our oral contraceptives. 
Today, LOESTRIN 24 is the market leader in new prescriptions and we just launched LO LOESTRIN and is now 
second only to LOESTRIN 24 in new patient starts. While we continued to grow share week-to-week in the second 
quarter, we're not satisfied with the pace of our growth and are taking steps designed to help us accelerate that growth. 

Next the ASACOL franchise. The ASACOL brand is the long-standing market leader in ulcerative colitis market. With 
the availability of ASACOL HD, we have every opportunity to continue to gain share by broadening our promotional 
efforts. The concentration of ASACOL prescription writing, the chronic nature of UC and the reluctance of UC patients 
to change their therapy once they've controlled their symptoms combine to make ASACOL our most attractive brand 
franchise. 

We believe the duration of exclusivity for ASACOL may extend beyond the expiry of the various patents and ANDA 
challenges. For these reasons we continually are rethinking ways that we might best grow the overall franchise, not just 
convert 400 milligram to HD. 

We can do better with DORYX. We had issues with the structure of our loyalty cards. And we addressed those issues at 
the start of 2011 which returned our net sales per Rx for DORYX to an attractive level. That was step one. Now our 
focus is on gaining share in high-value Rxs and growing net sales by adjusting the promotional inputs including the 
size, targeting quality of the derm sales force sales force and further possible adjustments to the card program. 

Finally, the ATELVIA launch. While managed care has certainly played a role in dampening the launch trajectory of 
ATELVIA, the underlying story here is need for more consistent execution against the opportunity at the rep, district 
manager and regional manager level. Our best reps are gaining traction with ATELVIA and that is why we remain 
encouraged by the prospects for ATELVIA. We continued the process of sharpening our focus on ATELVIA. 

It would be easy to underestimate the challenges that we face in assembling the PGP business into Warner Chilcott. 
Though we've overcome most of the challenges, particularly on the R&D, manufacturing and G&A fronts, we are still 
adapting at being much larger and a much more complex commercial operation. 

That said, Warner Chilcott today is positioned with a solid portfolio of marketed products, generates significant cash 
flow to fund strategic business opportunities as they arrive and has the internal capability to develop new and improved 
products to sustain and grow our company. 

As expected, 2011 is a challenging year for us on the top line due to the loss of exclusivity for ACTONEL outside the 

U.S. And that variability is part of launching new products. While we've got – while we work to do it, we know we can 
do better and we expect to. We remain confident in our near term and long-term prospects. 
Let me turn it back to Paul to cover some of the financial highlights of our second quarter. 


Paul S. Herendeen 

Thanks, Roger. And I'll just try to cover a few of the highlights. When looking at our revenue compared with 2Q last 
year, I'd just call your attention, remember that last year we had $76 million of DOVONEX and TACLONEX sales 
under the distribution agreement with LEO in that quarter, those were essentially sort of non profitable sales; they were 
flat sales with no margin. Excluding those sales from the prior-year quarter, revenues were down roughly $70 million 
or about 9%. 

On the plus side, ENABLEX, which we acquired in Q4 of last year added $19 million of revenue relative to the 
prior-year quarter. And net sales of our OCs were up $6 million. ESTRACE Cream continues to benefit from the 
promotional support that we put behind the brand and we saw filled Rxs grow almost 9%. Net sales were up a modest 
$4 million compared with 2Q of 2010, and those are held back a bit by a contraction of pipeline inventories during the 
current year quarter. 

On the other side of the coin, the ACTONEL ATELVIA franchise accounted for $63 million of the decline, with $33 
million of that outside the USA were ACTONEL has lost its exclusivity. Total filled prescriptions in the overall 
bisphosphonate market in the U.S. continued to decline and the market dynamics for branded offerings such as 
ACTONEL and ATELVIA remain challenging. 

DORYX net sales declined $19 million or 37% in comparison with Q2 of 2010. DORYX Rxs were down 46% 
compared to the prior-year quarter mainly due to the changes that we made to our loyalty cards that Roger just 
referenced at the beginning of 2011. However, our average net sales per Rx, normalized for inventory and pipeline 
fluctuations, increased and was roughly $350 per Rx in the current year quarter compared with roughly $250 in the 
year-ago quarter. The decline in DORYX net sales versus Q2 was also impacted by a significant reduction in channel 
pipeline inventories in the current year quarter and also relative to the prior-year quarter. 

ASACOL net sales of $188 million were down slightly compared to the prior year quarter, due to increases in sales 
related deductions, offset in part by increased gross selling prices. ASACOL HD continues to grow as a percentage of 
the franchise Rxs and is now more than 25% of ASACOL NRxs. 

Net sales of our oral contraceptive products increased $6 million or 6% in the current year quarter versus Q2 '10, and I 
want to point out that within our overall OC portfolio, Rxs for the LOESTRIN franchise were up 6% and net sales were 
up 27% year-over-year, but this growth was masked in the current year quarter by declines in our other non-promoted 
OCs, including the continued erosion of ESTROSTEP and OVCON and the introduction of generic competition for 
FEMCON in March of this year. 

LOESTRIN 24 generated revenues of $102 million in the quarter, an increase of 15% from the prior-year quarter 
primarily due to a reduction in sales related deductions and higher average selling prices. LO LOESTRIN, which we 
launched in January, generated net sales of $11 million in the quarter. 

So thinking about revenue, and in summary, the takeaways, or at least the things I would focus on during the quarter, 
were the decline of the ACTONEL ATELVIA franchise due to the loss of exclusivity OUS and the difficult market in 
the U.S. and the reduction of DORYX pipeline inventories, offset in part by gains in our OC portfolio, ESTRACE 
Cream and the impact of the acquired ENABLEX brand. 

Moving to gross profit, our adjusted gross margin on total revenue in the quarter was 89%, which is in line with our 
expectations. Reported SG&A in the quarter totaled $246 million; the prior-year quarter included a total of $38 million 
of costs associated with the integration of PGP. Excluding those costs from the 2010 quarter, our SG&A expenses 
increased slightly by $3 million mainly due to higher A&P cost associated with the DTC campaigns for ATELVIA and 
LO LOESTRIN. Our G&A cost in the quarter was $76 million, which at this stage represents a normal quarterly run 
rate for the company. 


Separately, we continue to break out costs related to the restructuring of our Western European operations, which 
totaled $16 million in the quarter. The Western European restructuring is on track and based on our most recent review, 
we anticipate for the full restructuring slightly higher restructuring expenses during the calendar year 2011 in the range 
of $120 million to $130 million, which is up roughly $10 million from the prior communicated range. 

R&D expenses in the quarter totaled $25 million and include the costs of all of our ongoing product development 
programs. There were no milestone payments included in R&D in the second quarter. R&D expense in Q2 of 2010 
included $20 million of milestone payments. Based on the timing of project spend, we are reducing our R&D range for 
the full-year 2011 by $10 million to $120 million to $140 million and in that range, we expect R&D expense to ramp 
up during the second half of the year. 

Below the operating line, net interest expense in the quarter totaled $65 million including $10 million of amortization 
and write-off of deferred financing fees. The $22 million increase in interest expense for Q2 of '11 compared to the 
prior year is reflective of the incremental debt that we incurred to fund the leverage recapitalization and the debt we 
incurred to fund the acquisition of Novartis' rights to ENABLEX during the second half of 2010. And those were offset 
in part by the reduction of our term-debt interest rates achieved through the refinancing completed in the first quarter of 
this year. 

We ended the quarter with $4.1 billion of gross debt comprised of $2.8 million (sic) [billion] of term debt under our 
senior security credit facilities and $1.25 billion face amount of 7.75% senior unsecured notes. During the quarter, we 
made prepayments of our term debt totaling $186 million of which $150 million were optional prepayments. 

Income taxes in the quarter reflect a corporate effective tax rate of 23%. I want to point out our corporate effective tax 
rate can be volatile on a quarter-to-quarter basis. Our guidance for the full-year 2011 continues to anticipate a cash tax 
rate for the full-year of between 10% and 11%. 

GAAP net income in the quarter was $72 million or $0.28 per diluted share to arrive at adjusted cash net income for Q2 
of '11, we add back the after-tax impact of the book amortization of intangibles, the write-off or amortization of 
deferred financing fees and the after-tax impacts of the costs of restructuring of our Western European operations and 
the Manati repurposing. Adjusted cash net income in the quarter was $0.94 per share based on 255 million fully diluted 
shares outstanding. 

Let me just point out that included in our press release this morning is the reconciliation from a reported GAAP net 
income to adjusted cash net income. A couple of factoids for those model builders out there, in the quarter the marginal 
tax rate for the amortization of intangibles was 5.1%, for the write-off of amortization deferred loan cost was 6.1% and 
for restructuring cost was 5.7%. 

Turning to liquidity, we generated $260 million of cash from operations during the quarter. We reduced our debt by 
$186 million and ended the quarter with $262 million of cash on hand. We retained a bit more cash on hand than we 
might in the future, in anticipation of payments we will need to make in respect of the restructuring in Western Europe. 

For the debt holders on the call, adjusted EBITDA, as defined in the credit agreement for the quarter totaled $343 
million, and there is also a reconciliation of that to our GAAP net income included in the press release. 

Turning to our guidance, we are reiterating our full-year 2011 guidance for revenue and adjusted cash net income per 
share. We have made changes within certain of the categories between revenue and adjusted cash net income, and call 
your attention to the summary included with our press release this morning. 

Just a bit more texture, last quarter we indicated that we might be toward the high-end of our range for revenue, we are 
modifying that statement today to say we anticipate being in the range of $2.7 billion to $2.8 billion. 

With that Alley, if we could open up the line for Q&A. 

Q&A 


Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Shibani Malhotra of RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Shibani Malhotra>: Hi, guys. Just a couple. First, can you talk about your sales organization, the reorganization 
of your sales efforts, and what has been driving this? And then can you comment on the uptake of ATELVIA in more 
detail. Roger, I know you mentioned that this was partly driven by reimbursement, and there have been some changes 
to your reimbursement strategy, and where you are with that. But can you comment on what your expectations are in 
terms of share growth or the franchise stabilizing or growing? Thanks. 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault>: Thanks, Shibani. It really isn't a sales reorganization, basically, we go through a 
reorganization on a global basis. As you are aware, we've had significant organizational changes in Europe, even within 
the R&D organization, and certainly with the manufacturing organization. And I think you should view this as part and 
parcel of continuing integration of Warner Chilcott and P&G. You must remember at the end of the day, we actually 
purchased a company twice our size. And it doesn't happen in six months. As a result of this, Carl is going to move on. 
He contributed – he had a significant contribution certainly to Warner Chilcott. But as part of us moving forward, Hans 
will be taking over that report. And Hans will remain to be primarily out of the – will work out of both the Dublin and 
the Rockaway office. 

On the ATELVIA front. Yeah, the issue is in part reimbursement and we've made steady progress, in adding plants and 
adding ATELVIA to ACTONEL and what does incur just is that we do have districts that are doing an excellent job 
with ATELVIA, but we've got to figure out how we can spread that excellence or that execution to the rest of the 
country. So we're going to have a close eye on that. 

<Q - Shibani Malhotra>: Just a follow-up, just in terms of preparation for the launch. I guess what do you feel you 
maybe underestimated regarding the challenges on reimbursement with ATELVIA? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault>: I think the deployment in areas is in which you do have brand prescribing needed to 
be the focus and begin there and then move out. In some areas the generic, you're not going to overcome it. I do think 
the constant theme here is anytime when you talk to the clinicians, they clearly see the advantage of ATELVIA. The 
frustrating part is what do I have to do to get ATELVIA to my patient and the conversation I have to have with that 
patient. So those are the things they have to overcome. So I think that ATELVIA is going to be a slow build but once it 
get installed, I do think it's going to become to the standard of therapy. 

<Q - Shibani Malhotra>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Marc Goodman of UBS. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Marc Goodman>: Yes. Good morning, a couple of questions. I guess first of all, can you help on ATELVIA just 
quantify the progress that you're making in managed care a little bit there, that's number one. Number two, on DORYX, 
I guess usually by now in typical Warner Chilcott fashion we would have already had a new DORYX approved in 
some formulation or dose that would be a lifecycle extension strategy for the old one and I was just kind of curious 
what was going on there and what are you thinking about that franchise right now, with respect to protection from 
potential generic competition which we don't know exactly when they'll get approved. But obviously the 30 month stay 
is an issue. And then third, as far as Europe is concerned, can you help quantify what you're thinking of as far as taking 
cost out of the business? Thanks. 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault>: Thanks, Marc. On the ATELVIA front, I'm not going to take you through plan by 
plan but let it be known that there are basically, you have the Medicare plans and then you have the commercial plans. 
So it is indeed a little bit complicated. But we have had a couple of the major plans put ATELVIA on we – but even 
outside of that, Marc, I got to tell you that we've got excellent execution certainly at some of the district level despite 
the fact that we don't have that type of access on the plan level. Though we suspect over this year and a lot of plans, the 


formularies kick in, in 2012, so you're really positioning yourself for 2012 and that indeed is going to get better. The 
issue here is how can we spread where we are successful against where we are having some difficulties. 

I think on the DORYX front it is a little better murky and we have several strategies in place, and you hit it, like 

what is a 30 month stay and is it – does a 30 month stay expire, it is extended, there was a CP involved with this. But 
you got to remember that we always have, we don't have a strategy, we have multiple strategies. And what we're 
looking at seeing how the situation has developed and what we best can do. So I wouldn't be overly concerned at this 
particular moment is there a new DORYX out there or what is it, you just got to remember we have to adapt to the 
environment and gain better clarity on the situation. 

As far as Europe is concerned, it's not really a cost cutting approach. The issue in Europe is we have people who indeed 
were executing well, who wanted to work, but we lost exclusivity on ACTONEL and that can be a complicated 
process. So if you don't have an asset that you can promote and extend, you just simply have to close down some of 
those operations. Happy to say that that has gone smoothly, very difficult situation, and I would expect by the end of 
the year we'll have a majority of that done and everything will be consolidated. 

<A - Paul S. Herendeen>: Hey, Marc. It's Paul. I'll follow on on the Western European restructuring question. Just to 
reiterate we are moving to a distribution model there which will enable us to eliminate much of the operating 
infrastructure that's resident in each one of those countries and that's the large or the majority of the operating cost that 
you would see in each one of those markets. Now, we don't guide beyond '11, we wouldn't guide with respect to 
specific segments of our business, but here is a way that you ought to think about it is when we elected to go to the 
distribution type model, we of course felt that that would have an influence on the downward trajectory of revenues in 
those markets. But almost by definition, we felt that the cost savings would be in excess of the increased decline of 
those revenues in those countries. And so that net, net it is accretive. 

Now accretive is as anybody who has seen us speak, accretive is easy. More importantly, I think you should view this 
as positive NPV. We are incurring a large amount of cost I mentioned during my remarks about roughly as much as 
$120 million of costs this year. Not only do we expect to recoup those costs, we expect to earn a return on those costs 
by virtue of taking these actions. So it was the right thing for us to do and which as Roger said, going smoothly, we 
expect to be substantially complete by year-end. 

<Q - Marc Goodman>: Roger, just as a follow-up on ATELVIA, is there push back from the doctors at all? Is there 
anything like that or there's really no push back, I mean because you got 


<A - Roger M. Boissonneault>: You're right, Marc. And it is a bit frustrating. But you got to remember the 
environment, we're dealing with older patients and the physician has to take the time to explain. This is falling under 
Medicare right now, so the physician isn't being reimbursed for doing this type of activity. So he's got 50 or whatever 
patients to see during a day. And sad to say, it's not an active disease state where the patient comes in with an acute 
condition. You will see, I mean if you look at the data, the new to brand or starts, we do very well. So indeed if they 
have a patient that's naïve to bisphosphonate therapy, you start them off on ATELVIA. But taking the time to try to 
switch somebody that you've explained to them, you can't take this product with a meal is a lot of effort. But intuitively 
when you talk to physicians, they think ATELVIA is a great idea. It has been a bit frustrating. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Chris Schott of JPMorgan. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Christopher T. Schott>: Great. Thanks very much. Just had three questions. The first is, maybe more just 
broadly speaking, Roger you started your comments with a statement that you can do better on product execution. This 
certainly hasn't been a issue with Warner in the past, can you just maybe elaborate a little bit more on your view what 
happened first half of the year that has not allowed you to really maximize on your opportunities here. Is this growing 
pains as the company is larger, is it company not adjusting quickly enough to some changing market dynamics, just 
some comments there would be appreciated. 


Second comment was ACTONEL, rest of the world seems to be hanging in there pretty well. Can you just talk a little 
bit about what you're expecting second half of the year and where you see that franchise kind of bottoming? 

And then finally, you mentioned you're taking some steps to accelerate the OC franchise growth, can you just elaborate 
a little bit more on those steps you're taking? Thanks. 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault>: You know, you're right, Chris. The issue is execution, and it is kind of complicated. I 
would say the old Warner Chilcott, we're dealing with perhaps at the max 300 reps. Our clear focus was on oral 
contraceptives and the dermatology business. Now we've taken on the ASACOL, a $700 million, $800 million brand 
alone and moving from 300 reps to 900 reps and the complexities of that and rolling out the sales forces and getting 
people targeted. Yes, it puts a significant pressure on sales ops and can we do better? I believe indeed we can do better 
and I think with the streamlining of the organization we will. 

Let me just take the OC franchise, we've been operating in this franchise for a number of years now. I think LO LO is 
going to be a great product. It's just how do we excel the adoption of LO LO. It's clear, sometimes, it's a little bit 
frustrating and I think with focused frequency on the right targets, we can accelerate the adoption of LO LO. We've 
seen a bit of the 24 and it's not that we're cannibalizing 24, we've seen 24 perhaps move off to the old 21 day 
LOESTRIN 120, but we got to remain – we've got to maintain that business and grow the overall franchise, but again, 
focus on LO LO and moving that forward, it's doing, I mean it is doing good. We just have to step it up a bit. 

As for ACTONEL in the rest of the world, I think Paul can handle that. 

<A - Paul S. Herendeen>: Yeah, ACTONEL in the rest of the world, I think you saw in the first quarter that the 
erosion or loss of share to generics was less than we had been thinking and I think that that trend continue, but also 
point out that the downward trajectory is rapid and continuing. And so I think all that I would suggest is that for the 
full-year 2011, I dare say that our OUS sales for ACTONEL will be higher than we had thought when we entered the 
year. But make no mistake, those sales are going to decline dramatically and continue to decline dramatically OUS. 

I think what's more interesting as you think about ACTONEL as a franchise within the U.S., we continue to watch the 
overall bisphosphonate market and look for signs of it flattening out and reaching a place where the overall market 
stops contracting. ACTONEL in both the 35 milligram and the 150 milligram versions, you can chart them and you can 
look at them and you can make your own conclusions about perhaps a flattening of the decline as we approach the 
second half of the year. And of course ATELVIA, albeit, at a slow rate so far, continues to grow and we would expect 
that to continue to grow through the second half of the year. Does that help? 

<Q - Christopher T. Schott>: Yeah, that's helpful. And I just had one follow-up for Roger on the kind of the OC 
efforts you're making. Should we be thinking about this as any type of incremental spend or is this just really trying to 
optimize resources and shifting some of the focus in terms of your kind of marketing efforts and sales efforts? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault>: No, it's the second part, Chris, it's the optimization and the focus that really, it really 
comes down to execution and getting frequency at the right level, at the right targets because I'm not saying – it's not 
doing poorly, we're not saying we're doing bad, we just have to accelerate the growth and I think we can execute better. 

<Q - Christopher T. Schott>: Great. Thanks so much. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from David Risinger of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 

<Q - David R. Risinger>: Thanks very much. I have a couple questions. I guess first and if it's okay maybe we'll just 
go one by one here. Roger, maybe you could just talk Hans and his new focus on the U.S. and whether he's going to 
hire more formulary management and managed care experts to ensure greater formulary access or whether that's 
already in place? 


<A - Roger M. Boissonneault>: Well, I think it's not a new focus, as you may or may not be aware that the marketing 
group reports to Hans and even the managed care group reports to Hans. I think, Hans has great organizational skills. 
He was the senior guy with within P&G, in fact the most senior person we got. And he has been occupied with 
wrapping up Europe and this opportunity is a focus to look at the U.S. He already has the marketing group. So that we 
have sort of a focused effort and he is a great executor of the business. 

<Q - David R. Risinger>: Great, okay. And then changing gears to a couple of other topics. With respect to the FDA's 
bisphosphonate panel meeting, I'm wondering what investors should expect and also wondering and I know you 
wouldn't have the data, but is there any way that ATELVIA can be positioned as less risky for esophageal cancer given 
it's taken after food intake? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault>: Well, I did have an opportunity to – we have a 25 page document that we submitted 
to the FDA in preparation for the meeting. I think it is, I've had a chance to review it, I think it is very well written and I 
will go out on a limb and say that this issue with esophageal cancer, with risedronate we haven't seen the association. 
But we'll get our day in front of the FDA. It should be an interesting meeting. Those meetings as you are aware, are 
very hard to predict, but we have an excellent case to present. 

<Q - David R. Risinger>: Great. And then my next question is basically on balancing the reduction of co-pay 
assistance. So obviously that benefits net price and there is a reduction of prescriptions. I think DORYX scripts are 
down about 50% year-over-year, just wondering if you feel like you have the balance right now for DORYX and 
LOESTRIN in terms of the co-pay assistance and the script declines? 

<A - Paul S. Herendeen>: Yeah. David, it's Paul Herendeen, I'll take that one. I mean I think, you're right, even 
referenced in our remarks year-over-year, in this case I won't round up, Rxs on the quarterly basis were down 46% and 
yet the net selling price per Rx was up about 40%, did we get the balance right? I mean, I think we think would – there 
might be ways that we can tweak that program. I think both Roger and I referenced in our remarks there might be ways 
that we can work on that program to get DORYX back to a place where Rxs will grow but profitably. That's the goal. 
The goal is you – all of you who lived through the second half of last year, we certainly can deliver the Rxs but at a 
declining net selling price per Rx and that doesn't work for us. And so we made the changes in January and I think the 
outcome was within the range of what we expected. We lost a lot of Rxs and we substantially increased the value of the 
Rxs that we retained. Now the goal is to take steps to go back to a mode where we're growing, from we are now, 
growing the DORYX franchise in terms of Rxs while at the same time not giving up all of that increased net sales per 
Rx that we've enjoyed through the first half of this year. 

<Q - David R. Risinger>: Got it, and then my final question, Paul, is could you just comment on the prospects for 
asset or company acquisitions in the near-term? 

<A - Paul S. Herendeen>: Yeah. Sure, I think the business development opportunities, there continue to be 
opportunities out there, we continue to be active in looking at those and evaluating them. The most frustrating thing 
both for you and all of our investors and for the management team is it's impossible to predict the timing of a successful 
transaction. Suffice it to say that when and if there's an opportunity out there we are absolutely ready to pursue it and 
hopefully bring it to closure and we are always hopeful, that there is that opportunity on the horizon but it's just 
impossible to predict. I think the environment is similar to what it's been the last couple of years. 

<Q - David R. Risinger>: Okay. Thanks so much for your answers. I appreciate it. 

<A - Paul S. Herendeen>: Thank you, David. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Michael Tong of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Michael K. Tong PhD, CFA>: Good morning. Roger, we've talking about sort of tweaking the sales model and 
things like that and certainly Warner Chilcott has been doing that for a long time. What's interesting to me at least in 


the last several quarters there seems to be somewhat of a continued struggle here. Is there something more macro that 
you are seeing that it's kind of keeping this strategy that has worked so well in the past from working as well maybe 
outside of the challenge of ATELVIA and things like that but something more macro? 

And then my second question has to do with absent an acquisition can you see 2012 growing as far as the top line is 
concerned relative to 2011? Thanks. 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault>: Okay. As far as – you're right, there really is no macro issue out there and selling is 
all about execution and I do think that it's been a trying time and the fact that any time you go from 300 sales reps to 
900 sales reps, you're in different therapeutic areas, I think sometimes you just have to step back and – I think we tried 
to do too many things at one time and focus and execute. 

And I think the – I think Hans from an operational point we will produce some organization. We probably didn't have 
enough of the infrastructure in place and the planning in place but I do think the executional piece will improve. It's not 
going to improve tomorrow but it will improve over the course of the year. 

As for looking at 2012, when I look forward, I always look at Mr. Herendeen. 

<A - Paul S. Herendeen>: Yeah. We – of course we're not going to provide guidance for 2012 but I'd just say this, 
within our portfolio we certainly have opportunities to grow our top line and I think we've touched on a couple of 
those. In our OCs we're in a good spot with LOESTRIN 24, the market leader and now LO LO, which as Roger 
referenced is a product that is gaining traction but we think we can do even better. So I think of our OCs as being a 
lever for growth. Of course ATELVIA on a small level because it's just gaining traction as well will provide us with an 
opportunity to grow. ESTRACE Cream continues to grow. The ASACOL franchise broadly is in good shape and 
provides an opportunity for us to go forward. 

DORYX, we are taking some steps here in the second half of the year and we'll have to see how those play out in 2012 
and beyond. So I think that within our portfolio, we have every opportunity to drive growth of our individual and key 
franchises but we're not going to guide to 2012 today. 

<Q - Michael K. Tong PhD, CFA>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Corey Davis of Jefferies. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Corey Davis>: Thanks my two questions. My first one, in comparing your leverage ratios to the stock price 
valuation it seems to me that right now buying back stock might be more value generative than de-levering. And so 
with the debt it looks like you paid off this quarter how do you think about balancing continuing to do that versus a 
more aggressive stock buyback. 

<A - Paul S. Herendeen>: Sure. It's Paul. I'll take that one. We just a year ago engaged in a fairly significant leverage 
recapitalization say that, that was, that's something we're – I don't want to say we're still digesting it, I think we are 
pretty good at handling the amount of debt that we have on our balance sheet today, but I would also say that we're 
perhaps not fully reloaded for what I think is, it would be a real opportunity to go out and make an acquisition of a 
business or technology or a company or an asset or whatever. And so there is that, there is always that balance. We 
certainly appreciate the math and it's just math at the margin, everybody can compute our cost of debt capital and when 
you are trading at something akin to kind of a 20% or plus cash yield on our shares it's pretty easy to say we should buy 
back shares. 

For now, we are going to continue to run our business and we are going to continue to reload our cap structure, so that 
we're in a position to take advantage of the opportunities that we hope will present themselves over the course of 
whether it's the second half of 2011 or into 2012 and beyond. Now that said, we obviously are in a lot of conferences 
and this question comes up pretty often is "gee are you going to pay another dividend or are you going to buy back 
stock or whatever." So if we are continuing along and we have fully reloaded, at least in our opinion, our cap structure 


so that we're in position to be able to make an acquisition it's possible that we would engage in a transaction involving 
our equity be that some form of a dividend or share a buy back, but that's not something that we're – is in our mind 
today. 

<Q - Corey Davis>: Great. Thanks. And second question, you spoke to the changes in the senior management and the 
sales organization, but back in June you announced changes to the R&D organization, so any comments you have there 
in terms of progress finding a replacement or more precise directives as to what are the top priorities within R&D right 
now? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault>: R&D has been working pretty well and we basically have been integrating, but I have 
got to – the focus of our R&D is indeed Ireland and John King has, although he's had his hand in this and you know 
John is an excellent chemist by any standard and has worked in R&D. So we've got him back a bit working on that. I've 
taken back some of my previous direct reports, but the activity is firmly in Ireland and I think as we move forward 
you'll see more of the organization being staffed there in Ireland and basically that the R&D function will be run out of 
Ireland and we'll make that transition. But that transition will be over time. And we feel very comfortable about our 
efforts in R&D and you'll begin to see some of those efforts not only in late-stage products, but in some early-stage 
products that we are working on. We do have the Medicinal Chemistry Group in Dundalk that's fully operational now. 
Our development group is I believe world class and you'll see some of those fruits in the future, but the clear focus is 
going to be running that group out of Ireland. 

<Q - Corey Davis>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from John Boris of Citi. Please go ahead. 

<Q - John T. Boris>: Thanks for taking the questions and congratulations on the quarter. First question, Roger, as 
Hans takes over the North American sales organization can you maybe just articulate what his top priorities, top couple 
of priorities will be as he assumes the role. And then I have two follow ups? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault>: Thanks, John. Yeah. His priority right now is getting better assimilated into the 
process, understanding the process and I think he'll be focusing on sales operation, deployment focus frequency and 
return against the use of our sales reps, sort of marrying our IT and our information systems and how we operate the 
sales force so they have them properly focused. 

<Q - John T. Boris>: Thanks. On your sales guidance you at least projected at little bit more optimism on your 
revenue guidance last quarter and tempered it this quarter by indicating it's potentially going to come in below the high 
end of the range. What are the assumptions that changed sequentially that resulted in that change? 

<A - Paul S. Herendeen>: It's Paul, we're not going to comment on specific products. As we look at our guidance and 
we look at our expectation for the balance of the year based on the results the year-to-date and what we expect in the 
second half of the year, at the end of the first quarter as you all know we had a pretty good quarter from a revenue 
perspective, we, I think, helped people understand that it wasn't going to be same in Q2 in Q3 and Q4. And at that time 
we felt like we'd be towards the high end, and now we think we'll be in the range. We're just trying to make sure that 
people have an understanding of where we think we will come out for the full of 2011. We have a pretty broad 
portfolio of products, there are lots of puts and takes within our sales forecast and I think we, unfortunately we need to 
leave that to you to determine where you might want to tweak. 

<Q - John T. Boris>: Thanks for that color, Paul. And then last question just has to do with the bisphosphonate 
franchise. With the FDA panel, Roger, that's upcoming, what do you think are some of the positive things that could 
come out of that panel? Obviously the FDA when it revised labels on long bone fractures has caused a lot of negative 
direct to consumer advertising to occur on TV by trial lawyers. How do you think, at least the debate out of the FDA 
can maybe help temper that negative dynamic that's out there? 


<A - Roger M. Boissonneault>: You hit it on the head. And the interesting thing is, like everybody loves bad news 
and it's hard to disseminate good news. I do think that the track records for risedronate and we'll have an opportunity to 
read our document. This is a very safe compound and sometimes it's the exception and unfortunately, I think this is 
carrying the message and it's concerning some women who should be on bisphosphonates because they have had 
fractures. And they are worrying about these side-effects, which are basically remote side-effects. And the interesting 
thing they sometimes occur as much in the placebo group as in the active group. 

So hopefully, FDA can take a stand in clearing the air here because I mean, the whole market has contracted around 
this. Now we've seen it around hormone replacement therapy. We, in fact we saw it around and I'm old enough to know 
that it happened around oral contraceptives and we saw the market contract, but over a period of time we have seen the 
benefits in the OC market has come back. I think it's going to take a while for the hormone market to come back. 
Hopefully this is the beginning of – this is the primary product that should be used to treat women who indeed have had 
fractures and sorry to report that this negative publicity has caused the contracting and hopefully this event will put the 
truth on the table. 

<Q - John T. Boris>: Thanks for that. Again, congratulations on the quarter. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Louise Chen of Collins Stewart. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Louise A. Chen>: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. I just had three. First question I had was with respect to 
your R&D guidance and which projects may have moved out or maybe some color on which projects may have moved 
out to lower that guidance for the year? And then secondly, maybe if you can give us more thoughts on the 
sustainability of ASACOL, DORYX and LOESTRIN. Longer-term, should we be modeling those – continue modeling 
them as key growth drivers for Warner Chilcott? And then lastly, just on your line extensions, I assume even though 
you don't give an update, you're working on those, are there any metrics that you could provide us that could give us 
some color on where you are with those? Thanks. 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault>: As for R&D guidance, I think I'll let Paul talk to that, but it's not because we've 
eliminated projects, it's trying to get to the projects. 

<A - Paul S. Herendeen>: Yeah. Mostly it reflects the timing of expected expenditures against the portfolio of projects 
which we have ongoing and that includes as you point out I mean, for essentially all of our key brands, we are working 
on improved versions of each one of those key brands in order to help us protect our market share and hopefully grow 
our market share, it's not reflective of us stopping anything or reducing our focus or any of those items, it's just simply 
when do we actually incur the expenditures associated with those. 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault>: And I think your second and third point really mesh in the fact of what do we see 
going forward in the area of ASACOL, DORYX, LOESTRIN and that does relate to line expansions and beyond line 
extensions, NCEs [new chemical entities] and our investment. When we look at ASACOL, we're looking at ulcerative 
colitis, inflammatory disease and we have projects that are designed at the later end of, the 400 in the HD and in which 
indeed are their next generations. We also look at mesalamine as a compound, and we look at other compounds that are 
mediators of inflammation, that are active in the colon. 

So, yes, we see ulcerative colitis as a serious disease state. We attack it on all levels, because we have the market leader 
and we are there to protect that, but we're also looking at what we call buckets, and the secondary bucket which is 
perhaps an NDA and the tertiary bucket would be mediators of inflammation that are directed to the colon. 

Certainly you know about DORYX. I mean, DORYX has been – our focus is on coming up with a new chemical entity 
in the tetracycline class. We do have that compound, it currently is in Phase I and hopefully will be Phase II 
development. Everything is positive about that, we have to make sure that we have an excellent safety profile. 


LOESTRIN, you see it, we've been executing against it. And it's all about and we've got another, I think oral 
contraceptive going into the clinic next year, we have a couple of compounds that we're working currently on that will 
actually be out in the clinic this year. 

So we believe we are the market leaders here, we have been the dominant force and we look forward to extending that 
franchise. The oral contraceptive market is an excellent marketplace. We're – we occupy the number one spot and we 
will continue to occupy that spot. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Chris Holterhoff of Oppenheimer & Company. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Chris Mark Holterhoff>: Hi, thanks for taking the question. I'm just trying to get a sense of growth trends of 
ESTRACE and other urology products, I know you're still in the process of building out the urology sales force. I think 
the territories are expected to be filled by the middle of this year. So just hoping that you can give us update on where 
you're at with that sales force expansion? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault>: I think you've got it. We've been unfortunately we've had priorities obviously with the 
launch of LO LOESTRIN and ATELVIA. And the urology sales force, I think we've come to the point where we were 
using, actually we were using supplemented with rental sales reps, I think that's out of place and you're quite right, that 
that sales force should be functional by the end of the year and we're going to spend a lot of time focusing on that sales 
force, because we do believe ESTRACE Cream is an excellent asset. We also have the ENABLEX in this area and in 
fact, we look to the future, erectile dysfunction products and perhaps other products that can be positioned against the 
urologists and the ObGyn, because it's not only urology we're talking about here, but the urology as it relates to the 
urologists and also the ObGyn as far being high prescribers of these products. 

<Q - Chris Mark Holterhoff>: Okay. Thanks. And then on the P IV [Paragraph IV] challenge on LO LOESTRIN, can 
you tell us if Lupin is filed on both of your patents or if it was just one of them? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault>: I believe, it's the – I think they filed on the 24, 22 patent. 

<Q - Chris Mark Holterhoff>: Okay. Thanks for taking the questions. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Gary Nachman of Susquehanna Financial. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Gary Nachman>: Thanks. Good morning. First for Roger, what are you seeing in the dynamics of the 5-ASA 
market, how will you be able to accelerate growth of the ASACOL franchise. Anything to change with that sales force 
and ASACOL HD has been less of a focus for you guys. But interestingly, we've been seeing a little shift to that 
product. So what's happening there? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault>: Yeah. On the ASA, it's an interesting marketplace and it actually, obviously, it turns 
over very slowly, but when people identify ulcerative colitis they tend to be younger and they take it for obviously a 
long period of time. I do think the magic around ASACOL is its delivery system and delivers it to the distal colon. And 
if you look at efficacy of ASACOL, perhaps against Lialda and some Petasa, because it is so site specific it works more 
quickly. 

I think we lost a little bit of focus in the fact that convincing clinicians that you shouldn't use the 400, you should be 
using the HD. The issue is, the reason that you used ASACOL is not because it's 400 milligrams or it's 800 milligrams, 
the fact is it works quickly, it's well tolerated and you can virtually take this for a long period of time. I don't think 
anybody has – out there has any more data than us as far as taking mesalamine for long periods of times in this 
particular disease state and we got to get back to saying the advantages of ASACOL and its targeted delivery system. I 
think that's where we're at. 


<Q - Gary Nachman>: Do you think the sales force is right-sized? I know in the past, you've said that. But how do 
you expect to grow the franchise, if it's not increasing the size of the sales force, what other promotional tricks, do you 
have up your sleeve? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault>: As you know, Gary, we don't do tricks here, we basically, we like that. But if you go 
back and you look at it and we sort of – what happened was we took some derm reps and we took some GI reps and put 
them together and it was a sort of like a simplistic execution, just move the 400 milligram to the HD. It's a major 
franchise and I think we spent some time here taking a look at what it's going to take to grow the franchise. It's not a – 
and change, now things have changes, the FDA's guidance has changed around the 400 milligrams, it's – we believe it's 
far more difficult right now, and they've recognized the difficulty of doing this. So we have to step back and it's more 
of looking at this franchise and how do we deploy against this franchise for the longer term. 

And it's right. It may not be a size difference, it may be a better deployment against who indeed, and our metric now is 
we're looking at new to brand, that's key, because once the patient is on the product, they tend to be on that product for 
a very long period of time. 

<Q - Gary Nachman>: Okay. And then one more on the OCs. How you guys taking advantage of concerns with 
gestrinone products that your competitors have? It seems like it's a great opportunity for you guys to grab share in that 
market? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault>: Well, I wouldn't call it advantage. I think it's – the issue here is that, there is a lot of 
negative publicity out there. And the fact that we have LO LO, the only 10 microgram product. You do see conversion 
of YAZ to Beyaz. So when you look at new to brand, we do get most of the new patients. You do see some switching 
from YAZ to Beyaz in that new to brand, because they're switching a brand. So you're not seeing, if you looked at new 
patient starts, naïve new patient starts, we'd clearly lead that category. 

So we've got good – we have an advantage out of there. You don't want to wish this on anybody as far as the negative 
publicity with gestrinone, but it is out there. And if you want to objective about it, I don't know how a clinician starts 
someone on gestrinone with all the lawsuits. But that's one of the areas that we feel a bit frustrated that we shouldn't 
have faster growth of LO LO. 

<Q - Gary Nachman>: Okay. And then one quick one for Paul, I know you said you're comfortable with the cash tax 
rate guidance that you've given. But it did look a little low to us in the quarter. So anything you could call out that may 
have caused that? And that cash tax rate, should we think of that as being sustainable for the next several years? 
Thanks. 

<A - Paul S. Herendeen>: Yeah. Thanks, Gary. And it gives me opportunity to reiterate. When you look at a quarterly 
tax rate or even a year-to-date tax rate, it can bounce around, it can give you the wrong answer. That's the nature of 
GAAP accounting for the provision for income taxes. And the GAAP accounting drives how you will view our cash tax 
rate. When we provide it for the full year we feel pretty comfortable about it, and we've settled on this metric of saying 
the total GAAP provision divided by EBTA as a way that an outsider can figure out what our tax rate should look like 
for the full year. And again, we reiterate our guidance for the cash tax rate for this year. So we feel comfortable with it. 

We believe our tax rate is sustainable. There are elements of our structure that are very helpful, and there is nothing on 
the horizon that we think would cause us to have that tax rate change in a significant way as we look to '12 or '13 or '14. 
So, I dare say we spend as much time focused on that and the protection of that as any company and we should. 

<Q - Gary Nachman>: Okay. And the Puerto Rico excise tax, that hasn't had a big impact on your numbers, right? Is 
that something you could quantify? 

<A - Paul S. Herendeen>: No, I mean, I think what I described it as, it's a real number, but it's within our G&A 
because it's an excise tax, not an income tax. It's within our G&A number. Again, dare say if not for that excise tax that 
came out of left field, our G&A number would be smaller, but it's in there, it's not a big deal. We are – and if you look 
at the structure of that excise tax, it should decline over the course of the next several years although, I think, there are 
many people who, like including myself, that believe that once a tax is in place, the probability of that actually sun 


setting and going away is pretty remote, but it is manageable within our G&A line. 

<Q - Gary Nachman>: Okay, great. Thanks, guys. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Greg Waterman of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Greg P. Waterman>: Thanks for taking the question. A couple of follow-ups. You've discussed some of the 
challenges this year, including higher reimbursement hurdles for ATELVIA, and then also some execution challenges 
related to the expanded business. I guess I'm trying to understand, how do these factors play into how you're thinking 
about business development priorities, both in terms of areas of focus and the size of acquisitions you would consider? 

<A - Paul S. Herendeen>: I'll take the first part of that, Greg. Certainly, as – I think the market and the way you look 
at a branded asset today is different than it was 10 years ago. And that just is a part of your diligence when you are 
looking at an asset is, looking at what is the nature of that market and what do you truly expect to have to pay – to sort 
of pay to play in a space. You've heard me or maybe you haven't directly, but I've certainly talked about the 
bisphosphonate space. As we look at assets, if you had asked us back in 2009, do you want to be in the bisphosphonate 
space? You know, the answer might well have been no, but we were very attracted to ASACOL, the ulcerative colitis 
space. But in order to get that business, we are indeed a participant in the bisphosphonate space. The market dynamics 
there are very, very challenging. 

So as we look at potential asset acquisitions or companies that we might be interested in, we surely look at the spaces in 
which those brands participate, the segments in the market and some are more challenging than others and I think it just 
boils down to you need to be very, very realistic about what the prospects are for brands based on those individual 
competitive dynamics of a marketplace. And that's changed. It's changed over the last 10 years. 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault>: Just to put my two cents in on this thing. So you know, what we're really looking at or 
you have to look at if you're in the pharmaceutical business is something called market exclusivity and because we 
have hard ends here. The end of a brand is very difficult, so the thing is when we look at a product or we look in a 
particular marketplace, it's the opportunity to extend that product, be it in the short-term or longer-term and we saw 
those types of opportunities certainly around ulcerative colitis take a serious step forward with ASACOL. And 
sometimes the market dictates what's going to happen and Paul is quite right, the osteoporosis market has shrunk to an 
extent, but is this indeed a cycle and what are those products if we are indeed in the osteoporosis market, that are going 
to be the future and that's what we have to focus on. But anytime you make an acquisition, the first question I want to 
know is what the lifecycle looks like and what's the intellectual property around that product. 

<Q - Greg P. Waterman>: That's really helpful. Thank you. And if I could also ask just more broadly on the co-pay 
assistance programs. Obviously the structure of these programs is really important in terms of driving the volume and 
we've heard some noise from payers in terms of concerns about these programs. I guess I'm just wondering about the – 
any risk you see longer term in terms of increasing hurdles to implementing these co-pay assistance programs? 

<A - Paul S. Herendeen>: We have a program that is meant to help out our patients, enable them to get our products, 
if their coverage has a co-pay, which is onerous. I'm not sure what a commercial plan can say about us helping out a 
patient. Certainly, their behavior changes or can change when you have a company that uses or takes – has as part of its 
strategy a co-pay assistance card, but that just continues to evolve. 

I think the more interesting question around the cards is, and this was asked I think earlier, as you think about the terms 
of those cards, and we did make substantial changes for example to the DORYX card, we made changes to the 
LOESTRIN 24 card at the beginning of the year and it's our challenge is to watch the changes in those terms and see 
are there changes that we can make, which will benefit our – the patients who are likely candidates to be on our 
products and help them get that prescription filled without them having to come out of pocket in a substantial way. 


We look at that all the time. I think, you saw last year in 2010, where the program, the pendulum swung on DORYX 
too far to one side. And at the beginning of the year, we swung it way back to the other side. We look at that, we think 
about are there ways that we can tweak the terms of that card in a way that will help us to gain additional share with our 
products. But I don't think it's the commercial payers that are going to be the impediment. 

<Q - Greg P. Waterman>: Thank you. I appreciate you taking the questions. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Bill Tanner of Lazard Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Bill J. Tanner>: Thanks for taking the question. Roger, just back on ATELVIA and the osteoporosis market, I 
know that – I guess Warner will have a presence at the panel. I'm just wondering, you know, longer term with 
ATELVIA, it seems like it's definitely an important differentiated asset. How much do you think the company could 
play a bigger role or have a louder voice, I guess, in disease management? And then, just with I guess the void of 
effective therapies and concern? 

And then the second question is, speak to someone who's got a very high level of familiarity with the product and they 
always tell us, if the drug is positioned correctly, it could be important. I would like to get your thoughts on how well 
the drug is positioned now, if you think anything could potentially change to take advantage? Obviously, you have a 
pretty good opportunity. 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault>: I think about ATELVIA in the upcoming meeting and it really is around risedronate. 
We are in a – well thanks to P&G – I'm not going to take full credit for this, but P&G has done a lot of studies on 
risedronate. We have studies that go out to, in fact seven years. So there is a great deal of study that has been done, a 
great deal of data that we will be utilizing with the FDA that may be unique to our particular drug, risedronate, I just 
don't know around alendronate and Merck and I can't tell you what they are going to present. 

But I can tell you that I have reviewed the material and it looks to be a very favorable profile, at least to me, and we do 
have indeed a great deal of data. I don't know if the FDA is going to go forward and differentiate among 
bisphosphonates or are they looking for something for class labeling. That's difficult to predict. 

I do know we do have a strong positioning with ATELVIA, and you don't get into argument with a clinician, they just 
look at you and say you're right. You can take it with a meal. This is a huge advantage. But again, I'll go back to you, 
it's like it's one thing to talk to this poor clinician and it's another thing for this clinician to explain it to the patient and 
get the patient off of an existing product and on to ATELVIA and that has been the frustrating piece. 

That said, I'll tell you, I mean, we see some areas in which, and I can't totally explain it, we're going to learn more 
about this, where ATELVIA does much better than in other areas of the country and we have to understand what that 
differentiation – is it the physicians' motivation to do a prior off and sometimes they had to do the prior off, they have 
to – it takes a bit of work but at the end of the day no one doubts that the patient benefits from ATELVIA. 

<Q - Bill J. Tanner>: And just then any change in the messaging I guess or anything you think coming out of the 
panel, anything that going forward you think you might be able to take better advantage of or you think it's just going to 
take time? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault>: Yeah. I think it's going to take time. If I had to bet, the panel is going to take a look at 
this, they're going to digest the information. I don't think you're going to get any quick answers. I think the FDA is 
really looking at class labeling and what can be said. Unfortunately sometimes you end up with great compromises 
here. 

<Q - Bill J. Tanner>: And do you think that they will discuss more the notion of drug holidays and maybe how to – 
not codify it but I guess how to provide some guidance for that and that actually might provide a little bit of clarity? 


<A - Roger M. Boissonneault>: Yeah. It certainly is in the agenda. I just don't know what you can do, I mean, I don't 
know if there is any data truly that supports the use of drug holidays, but I'll tell you, we had the same issue with oral 
contraceptives and I've been around where the clinicians were talking about, well you need a drug holiday with an oral 
contraceptive, which didn't make any sense whatsoever other than putting the patient at greater risk of pregnancy and it 
seems that came and went. Hopefully, I hope it's the same situation with bisphosphonate. So the issue here is why 
would you put somebody on a drug holiday, I don't know of any hard clinical evidence that these patients continue to 
benefit – it may be associated with alendronate, but I'm not aware of any hard data with risedronate or bisphosphonate. 

<Q - Bill J. Tanner>: Okay. Thanks very much. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Gregg Gilbert of Bank of America. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Gregg Gilbert>: Thank you. Paul, does your guidance for this year still assume no generic DORYX 150? 

<A - Paul S. Herendeen>: That is correct, Gregg. 

<Q - Gregg Gilbert>: Okay. Paul, I don't know if you have this at your fingertips, but can you quantify the company's 
exposure to dual eligibles in case some of the rules change on that front? 

<A - Paul S. Herendeen>: Yeah, I can't necessarily quantify exactly what our exposure might be but it's actually a 
good lead-in, Gregg, to let me kind of the walk through because we've been getting lots and lots and lots of questions 
around our exposure to governmental programs. And so let me actually tick down our key franchise and just give you a 
general sense for how our units are separated as between commercial, cash and then the balance in government and let 
me make some comments around that. 

<Q - Gregg Gilbert>: Okay. 

<A - Paul S. Herendeen>: Let me start with the OCs. First of all, more than 90% of our units are covered by 
commercial plans or paid in cash and the balance by definition in what I'll call the government sector and in respect to 
the OCs that's almost entirely Medicaid, okay. That's OCs. ACTONEL, ATELVIA, about 65% of the units, roughly 
two-thirds of the units are in commercial or cash, with the balance in government, in this case, mostly in Med D. 
ASACOL HD, just less than 80% are in commercial or cash and the balance are in government and again, mostly in 
Med D. ESTRACE Cream, 80% of our units, commercial third-party pay or cash, the balance in government again, 
mainly Med D. And then last, ENABLEX we have about more than 60% are commercial and cash and the rest in 
government again, mostly Med D. 

So how will that affect us with the dual eligibles? It's not entirely clear. I just want to point out that to the extent that 
you – particularly with ACTONEL, ATELVIA, to the extent that you have something that's covered in Med D, I will 
tell you we pay for the pleasure of being covered there. And if that were to flip into kind of a Medicaid type 
reimbursement, the delta would not be a big delta. So, I don't want to sit and try and actually pencil out and quantify it 
for you, but I think it is helpful to think about our key franchises and say, here is where we have exposure if you will to 
Medicare and Medicaid and how should you think about this as we go forward. 

I think we are pretty well positioned, I think we had our bumps last year, when we got – when we were surprised by 
some things that had – things that were being filled in Medicaid that we weren't really paying to get and we end up 
paying some rebates there but that's kind of been sorted out and at this stage, we feel like our exposure is, of course you 
have some and yeah, I'll tell you what, we, like every other pharma company, have absorbed costs associated with the 
continued efforts on the part of government to reduce health care expenditures, but I think it's reflected in our guidance 
for '11 and it's certainly reflected in our expectations for '12 and beyond. Did that help at all, Gregg? 

<Q - Gregg Gilbert>: Yes. Thank you. And lastly, that maybe I'll ask Roger to chime in on this one. You've obviously 
had sometime to live with PGP. I'm curious how your views have changed, if at all, on doing large deals? I could see 
on one hand you saying, maybe not next time or I could see on the other hand saying, we've learned a lot and we could 


do the next one even better. So where are you thinking on that? And I know the opportunity set is what it is out in the 
marketplace, but if you had the opportunity to do a large deal, how would you frame that for us? Thanks. 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault>: You know, I think our – could we do – would I do now another PGP deal? Yeah, 
tomorrow, it's been great. As far as the size and scale, I got to tell you it's a lot of work, but it has improved our size and 
scale. So the fact is could we do another one? Yeah, we'd probably do it more easily now just because of the scale we 
have and moving forward. But I mean, right down to the systems, the SAP systems that you have to do to integrate and 
make yourself a functional company, operationally you have to be far more sophisticated, everything is on a scale 
basis. What you're trying to do is run a large company like a small company. I've been at Warner-Lambert, we've been 

– we've all been at large companies and P&G was certainly a large company, but you're trying to put in the 
communication systems and the nimbleness that perhaps we're larger, but we don't want to lose that nimble aspect of 
the business. 
That all being said, it created a lot of value and I do think that now that we are at a much larger platform, we probably 
could do it again. I mean, again our primary focus is on the asset base. If we could buy or add an asset to the franchise 
that would make a significant – it would have to be a pretty good sized asset. We probably would call that A. If indeed, 
including buying a larger company or merging with a larger company, I think we're far more well positioned for that 
for the future. 

<Q - Gregg Gilbert>: Thanks a lot. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Scott Henry of ROTH Capital. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Scott R. Henry>: Thank you. Just want to get back a little bit to the bisphosphonate category issue, because it 
seems to me that – and maybe I differ here, but I think the ATELVIA launch from a market share standpoint is actually 
going okay if not in the good direction, but it's this headwind of bisphosphonate category declining 25% to 30% that 
seems to create the biggest problem. And fundamentally, osteoporosis rates are going up. So – and there are no 
alternative therapies really that are stealing a lot of share. So my question to you would be, when you talk to the reps, 
what are they saying that the doctors are doing and it really gets down to how sustainable is this declining trend? It 
would seem like we're at least closer to the end now, but I'm curious what you are hearing from the reps in terms of 
what the docs are saying? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault>: Thanks, Scott for that comment. You sort of summed it up. It is kind of bewildering 
with – it is indeed the only therapy and I think what you've got is, you've got some negative publicity out there, 
negative media about risks of taking bisphosphonates and I think people have the notion or women have the notion this 
particular category, they could do as well with calcium. In all our studies, in all our fracture studies, calcium is the 
placebo group. So we know it doesn't work. And do you wait until a time where you see an increase in fracture rates 
because the targeted population has not been taking bisphosphonates? That would be a sad outcome. 

But I do think and we do see and the thing that – the confounding variable here is we do see some areas where we have 
had success and I can't tell you that what those particular reps do, are they better at prior off, are they in a geography 
where clinicians are willing to engage their patients in dialogue, is it a higher socioeconomic group, where they're not 
having – where the patient actually pays for the visit and they are more attentive to listen to the clinician. I can't tell you 
that, but I do think that we are all frustrated because we do know we have a better product, we do know that and we're 
frustrated by the fact that – and I agree with you, if you looked ATELVIA it is indeed growing and you looked at a 
share basis, it doesn't look like it's doing well, but it's the overall market that has – that doubt has been cast on. 

I hope that at the end of this FDA meeting, some of that can be revealed because we've lost a lot of patients that should 
be on bisphosphonates and sad to say, this is going to result in a higher incidence of fractures because they're not taking 
the medication that they should be taking and they have this belief that they can take calcium or a combination of 
calcium and vitamin D and get to the same clinical endpoint and that just isn't so. 


<Q - Scott R. Henry>: Okay. Thanks for the color. And if I could just ask specifically at the FDA panel, do you expect 
votes to be taken or do you expect it to be a discussion based panel? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault>: Everything I – this is only purely my perspective, it sounds like it's going to be 
discussion based. Everybody gets sort of there their time to get up to pose their case. As I said, I do know you're limited 
to 25 pages on what you submit and that will become part of public record. So you will all be able to see what we're 
submitting. 

<Q - Scott R. Henry>: Okay. Thank you for taking the question. 

Operator 

Our final question today comes from David Buck of Buckingham Research. Please go ahead. 

<Q - David G. Buck>: Yes, thanks. Just a couple of quick ones. First for Roger on DORYX and the derm business, 
can you talk about whether or not you are looking at this area as one where you'd be potentially looking at M&A and 
business development? We've seen a couple of transactions obviously in the last month from two of your competitors, 
one with existing product lines and one with some pipeline assets. So again, is that an area of focus where you'd be 
looking to do some business development and do we need to wait for the next sort of NCE or it looks like from 
clinicaltrials.gov you may have a different formulation, say a 200 milligram version of DORYX there? Then just a 
follow-up after that. Thanks. 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault>: You know, David, the issue with dermatology is, you have to have a significant asset. 
The problem is you don't need another $20 million or $30 million brand and you need something you can focus on that 
you can bring it to an asset of size. And acne is obviously a great market, a market we want to continue in. If you look 
strategically, psoriasis would be a large market. We've operated in that particular marketplace. If there was something 
significant there, obviously we would be interested in it. But right now, as our focus is indeed on DORYX and acne and 
executing and getting to our NCE and you've identified some of the projects – and there is more than one – of building 
our franchise in acne. 

We've been at this for quite a while and it's a strategy, it's not something that we look at in the long-term, but there 
clearly is a need for an alternative to tetracycline, which has a superior spectrum, perhaps works more quickly because 
of the inherent safety profile, and that's what we are trying to get there. I do think that we would look at other possible 
acquisitions if people were further ahead of us, but it has to be a significant piece of dermatology. 

<Q - David G. Buck>: Okay, great. And just a follow-up to the R&D guidance cut and the $25 million or so in the 
quarter. Can you talk about if anything – I'm not sure I heard the answer to this question, did anything actually get 
delayed materially in terms of timing and can you maybe update on what the outlook is for udenafil? Thanks. 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault>: I'll just hit that – I'll let Paul talk a little bit more about the budgeting, but basically, 
we've always had – I think we were a little bit aggressive when we set up our R&D budget, and if you're a guy like 
Paul, you'd rather have the aggressive, everything comes off as planned. 

On udenafil, we're still – I mean, that has slowed down a bit. We are still looking at – we did our dose-ranging study. 
We have the [ph] ceranogenesis (1:18:34) study to look at. We have a few things to do to prepare. I think we've asked 
for a meeting with the FDA to make sure that our submissions will be consistent with their wishes. But it's moving 
forward, perhaps not at the rate that we had first anticipated and hence, the issues with budgeting. And some projects 
move ahead more quickly, but it's not based on perhaps the clinical trials that we're going to do and how fast we have to 
enroll a clinical trial, but I'll leave that to Paul. 

<A - Paul S. Herendeen>: Yeah. I mean, with respect to the forecast for the balance of the year, it's just reflective of 
our revised estimates of when we expect to incur cost. It wasn't any one project that was canceled or it wasn't any one 
project that's been substantially delayed. It's just the expected timing of the expenditures that we intend to make against 
projects which are in our portfolio. 


<Q - David G. Buck>: Great, thanks. On udenafil then, is there a risk that first quarter of next year is not when we see 
the filing? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault>: Yeah, there is that risk until – I mean, we basically need a meeting with the FDA – 
this is the close of the Phase III, do we have to do any additional studies, because as the FDA always gets better at 
things and you look at your predecessors, well, we did everything they did, do we need to do anything else because 
we're further down the line and that we have to make sure. 

<Q - David G. Buck>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

I'd now like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Paul Herendeen for any closing remarks. 

Paul S. Herendeen 

Thank you, Alley. In closing, as always there are pluses and minuses in the quarter. Two of our key brand franchises, 
LOESTRIN and ASACOL are clicking along. The LOESTRIN franchise, LOESTRIN 24 and LO LO together posted 
solid gains in net sales compared with the prior-year quarter, while ASACOL was essentially flat to the prior year 
quarter, but is in good shape. 

With DORYX, as anticipated, we saw a decline in Rxs, driven by the changes we made to the loyalty cards at the 
beginning of the year, nearly offset by the increase in average net sales per Rx. And I want to note that the net sales for 
DORYX in the quarter were reduced by a significant contraction of channel pipeline inventories, both in the quarter 
and relative to Q2 of 2010. 

ESTRACE Cream continued to benefit from increased promotional effort with Rxs up 9%, net sales up 13% versus the 
prior year quarter. ENABLEX helped us well as did a modest ramp up of ATELVIA net sales in the quarter. From a 
revenue growth perspective, ACTONEL was the big drag, down $71 million compared to the prior-year quarter. So as 
you think about how we've been doing, there are some good things happening that have been in large part masked by 
the challenges that we face with ACTONEL. We're fortunate that we have two brands still early in their launch phases 
and we're making progress with those brands week-to-week, month-to-month, and quarter-to-quarter. That said, I like 
what Roger said earlier, we can and will do better. Thank you for joining our call this morning. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2011, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


