Q1 2011 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Paul S. Herendeen 
• Roger M. Boissonneault 
Other Participants 

• Marc Goodman MBA 
• Shibani Malhotra MBA 
• David R. Risinger CFA 
• Gregg Gilbert 
• Gary Nachman MBA 
• Randall Stanicky 
• Michael K. Tong PhD, CFA 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Warner Chilcott announces First Quarter 2011 Financial Results 
Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer 
session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference call is 
being recorded. 

I'd now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Paul Herendeen, CFO. Please go ahead. 

Paul S. Herendeen 

Thank you, Allie. Good morning. Thank you for joining our call. Earlier this morning, we issued a press release that 
details our first quarter results and that release is available on our website. Roger and I will take a few minutes to give a 
general business overview and then briefly review first quarter 2011 financial results, which will be followed by a 
Q&A period. As I talk about our financial results, I will try to call out all the non-recurring items from our recent debt 
refinancing and the announced restructuring of Western Europe and our Manati operations. 

Well, before doing that, let me point out that this call will include forward-looking statements. These statements are 
subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause the company's actual results to differ materially from 
such statements. These risks and uncertainties are discussed in our 2010 Form 10-K and other filings which are 
available on the SEC's website. The forward-looking statements made during this call are made only as of the date of 
this call and the company undertakes no obligation to update such statements to reflect subsequent events or 
circumstances. 

In addition, we will make reference during the course of the call to non-GAAP financial measures as defined by the 
SEC. In accordance with SEC regulations, we've provided reconciliations of these measures in our press release issued 
this morning to what we believe are the most directly comparable GAAP measures. 

With that, let me turn things over to Roger Boissonneault, our President and CEO. 


Roger M. Boissonneault 

Thanks, Paul. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us. I'll provide a brief business update before turning it 
back to Paul, who will provide highlights of the first quarter financial results. 

We've had a busy start to the New Year including two new product launches, a debt refinancing and the announcement 
of our Western European restructuring. In January, we started the launch of our next-generation oral bisphosphonate, 
ATELVIA, as well as the lowest-dose estrogen oral contraceptive in U.S. market, LO LOESTRIN. 

We are tracking the execution of these product launches very closely. LO LOESTRIN is off to a great start and getting 
better. The LO LOESTRIN sales force is our most seasoned sales force and has grown LOESTRIN 24 to become the 
single most prescribed oral contraceptive in the United States based on IMS data. 

ATELVIA is off to a slower start. The ATELVIA sales force is a less-tenured group, but it's developing quickly. While 
the ATELVIA launch is progressing, we are constantly working to improve our execution on this key brand and see the 
performance of our sales force as a critical factor. 

Also an important distinction is that this product targets a different audience. We believe that the typical patient 
suffering from postmenopausal osteoporosis is slower to switch therapy than the typical oral contraceptive patient. We 
are pleased that based on weekly IMS data, ATELVIA has captured about 5% of new to brand or naive patients. 

On January 1, we also changed our loyalty card program for DORYX and LOESTRIN 24. Along with you, we have 
been frustrated with the gross to net impact of these cards in the second half of 2010. We have successfully 
implemented and executed a new program and started to see a meaningful gross to net improvement, particularly with 
DORYX. 

This quarter, we also felt the impact of loss of exclusivity of ACTONEL in Western Europe, which began late in the 
fourth quarter of 2010. ACTONEL accounts for approximately 70% of our Western European revenue in 2010. After a 
strategic review of our European operations in light of the loss of the exclusivity of ACTONEL, we made a decision to 
restructure our European operations and move to a wholesale distribution model. Currently we are working with local 
work councils in Europe to implement the changes. We believe the restructuring is appropriate course of action for the 
company and in the best interests of shareholders. 

In March, we successfully refinanced $3 billion of our senior secured team, which going forward will result in a 
meaningful reduction of our interest expense that Paul will discuss in more detail later. Before I turn things over to 
Paul, let me mention a few items related to our R&D programs, which we continually renew and productize. We 
continue to make progress in several interesting R&D projects. 

Our Dundalk medicinal chemistry site is now functional and has strong academic ties to Queen's University, Trinity 
College and Oxford University. Phase I studies continue for our novel tetracycline in development with Paratek. And 
we have completed Phase II studies for our non-fluorinated quinolone, Nemonoxacin. Additionally, we continue to 
work on our orally administered Phase III udenafil product for erectile dysfunction. 

In addition, we continue to work to develop next-generation products that complement or improve upon each of our 
key promotional brands. And we continue to explore opportunities to add more R&D projects to our pipeline through 
internal development, acquisitions and licensing agreements. 

Now let me turn things back to Paul to take you through the first quarter financial results. 

Paul S. Herendeen 

Yeah. Thanks, Roger. I'll cover the financial highlights. Our first quarter, our revenue was $757 million, which was a 
decrease of 1% compared to the first quarter of last year. But our revenue in Q1 last year included $73 million of 
DOVONEX and TACLONEX revenue under that distribution agreement with LEO. If you exclude those LEO 
revenues from the prior-year quarter, our revenue was up 10%. And that was driven by increases in net sales of 


LOESTRIN 24, ENABLEX and ASACOL, and to a lesser extent, DORYX, as well as the launch of LO LOESTRIN. 
Yeah, these gains were partially offset by the erosion of ACTONEL revenue in Western Europe due to the loss of 
exclusivity that began really in the fourth quarter of 2010. 

Let me start by going through the women's healthcare group on the revenue front. Total revenues within the 
ACTONEL/ATELVIA franchise were $233 million in the quarter compared to $262 million in the first quarter of '10. 
The loss of exclusivity of ACTONEL in Western Europe was the main driver of the 11% decline. ACTONEL revenue 
outside the U.S. and Puerto Rico was $81 million compared to $142 million in the first quarter of 2010. While the $61 
million or 43% decline in revenue was significant this quarter, it was less than what we had expected. Notwithstanding 
our higher than anticipated ACTONEL revenues in the first quarter, we do expect that ACTONEL revenue outside the 

U.S. will decline in a meaningful way over the balance of the year. 
In the U.S., ACTONEL continued to face unit and market share declines due to the impact of managed care initiatives 
encouraging the use of generic products, as well as an overall contraction of the U.S. oral bisphosphonate market. 
Filled prescriptions for ACTONEL in the U.S. declined 27% based on IMS data in the first quarter compared with the 
prior-year quarter. 

ACTONEL and ATELVIA revenue in the U.S. was $145 million for the quarter, up $25 million from $120 million in 
the first quarter of 2010. The increase was due primarily to improvements in gross to net and expansion of pipeline 
inventories and higher average selling prices relative to the prior-year quarter. 

Net sales of our OCs increased $40 million or 42% to $137 million in the quarter compared with $97 million last year. 
The growth was driven by increased sales of LOESTRIN 24 and the launch of LO LOESTRIN. LOESTRIN 24, as 
Roger said, is currently the number one most prescribed OC in the U.S. market based on IMS data. 

In the first quarter of 2011, LOESTRIN 24 grew based primarily on a 20% increase in filled prescriptions, as well as 
higher average selling prices and improved gross to net. As discussed on last quarter's earnings call, we made changes 
to that LOESTRIN loyalty card program at the start of 2011. This positively impacted LOESTRIN 24's gross to net, 
which improved our net sales value per prescription. We're pleased with the launch of LO LOESTRIN. While it's still 
early, we see a promising trajectory for that product. 

Turning to ESTRACE Cream for a second. We continue to see steady growth with this valuable product, with revenues 
up over 16% from $30 million a year ago to $35 million in the current quarter. We're still in the process of building out 
our urology sales force, which will handle promotion of ESTRACE Cream and ENABLEX. We expect to have the 
urology territories filled by midyear. 

We turn now to DORYX, which saw first quarter net sales of $66 million compared with $51 million in the first quarter 
of 2010 and also compared with $32 million in the fourth quarter of '10. The DORYX story in Q1 is all about gross to 
net, gross to net driving higher net sales per prescription in the face of declining TRXs. As we expected and 
communicated, the changes that we made to the loyalty card program had the effect of reducing filled RXs. They're 
down 24% versus Q1 of '10. 

Yeah, but those prescriptions are getting filled at a much higher net value per RX. The improvement in gross to net in 
the quarter was primarily due to the changes in loyalty card program. As a result, our net sales per filled prescription 
for DORYX in the quarter – and this is adjusted for pipelines, takes that out of the mix – was over $350 per RX, as 
compared with an estimated $250 per filled RX in the first quarter of last year. 

And this is the important safety tip. The gross-to-net sales per RX for DORYX will not be as good over the balance of 
2011. Like you, we're watching closely the weekly DORYX RXs to see where the baseline is in light of the changes 
that we made to loyalty card. And we'll certainly talk about that again on our next call. A final note for you on 
DORYX, our pipeline inventories of DORYX contracted in the quarter, as you would expect as the channel rebalances 
its inventories based on the new lower RX levels. 

Next, gastroenterology, ASACOL net sales were $187 million during the first this quarter compared with $165 million 
in the first quarter of last year. ASACOL net sales in the U.S. were $173 million during the quarter, up 17% from Q1 of 


last year. The increase in ASACOL was primarily due to higher average selling prices and an expansion of pipeline 
inventories relative to the prior-year quarter. Editorial here, ASACOL is a product where gross net has not been a 
significant issue for us. 

Gross profit, our gross profit margin as a percent of total revenue, excluding the impact of the $28 million charge that 
we have in cost of goods sold in this quarter related to the repurposing of the Manati facility, was 87.4%, which 
represents a decrease from the adjusted 90.7% in the prior-year quarter. Again, just going back to the prior-year quarter, 
so you remember what the adjustments were, we adjusted that 90.7% is adjusted for the impacts of the LEO transaction 
and the purchase accounting impact of the PGP acquisition. 

The decline of the adjusted gross profits for the first quarter was due to a number of factors, including the conversion of 
ENABLEX revenue from 100% margin royalty revenue to a more typical gross margin type sale. And that's as a result 
of the acquisition of the U.S. rights to ENABLEX, which we completed in October of last year. It's also due to a shift in 
product mix with slightly lower margin products making up a larger proportion of total revenue. 

Dropping down to SG&A, reported SG&A expenses for the first quarter were $253 million. I want to point out that we 
elected to break out our Western European restructuring costs and show them on their own line in our P&L. Selling and 
distribution expenses – and those are the expenses associated with our field forces and other selling activities – 
decreased 24% compared with the prior-year quarter to $128 million. That's primarily as a result of a decline in the 
co-promote expenses that we pay to Sanofi for ACTONEL outside the U.S. and that's based lower net sales. And also 
that's due to the April 2010 amendment that we made to our collaboration agreement with Sanofi with respect to the 

U.S. and Puerto Rico. 
Advertising and promotion expenses, which we have referred to as A&P, increased $19 million in the quarter compared 
to the prior-year quarter. This increase was primarily the result of the DTC campaigns that we had to support the 
launches of both ATELVIA and LO LOESTRIN. As a reminder, we expect DTC spend to impact Q1 and Q2 of 2011, 
with the majority of that being reflected in our Q1 results. P&A expenses decreased by $46 million in the first quarter 
of '11 compared to the prior year, in large part due to the integration consulting fees, severance costs and P&G 
transition services expenses which were included in the prior-year quarter. 

Let me spend a minute on the costs associated with our Western European restructuring, which we announced on April 

18. In the quarter, we recorded severance costs of $43 million. These costs are the results of our announced plans to 
move to a wholesale distribution model in most of our Western European countries. Later in my remarks, I'll discuss 
the anticipated full year impact of the restructuring charges, the remainder of which will be primarily disclosed on this 
line item in our P&L. 
R&D expenses in the quarter were $31 million and related to our acquired and legacy product development programs, 
some of which Roger mentioned during his comments. Our net interest expense for the quarter was $155 million and 
included $77 million as a result of the write-off of deferred loan costs associated with the optional prepayments of debt 
in Q1 and the repayment of the outstanding balance in connection with our debt refinancing, which was completed 
perfectly for an Irish Company on March 17. 

Our gross debt balance as of March 31 was approximately $4.25 billion and consisted of $3 billion of borrowings under 
our senior secured credit facilities and our $1.250 billion aggregate principal amount of 7.75% notes. 

Our reported GAAP net income in the first quarter was a net loss of $24 million. Cash net income, which adds back the 
after-tax amortization of intangibles of $140 million and the after tax deferred loan costs of $81 million, was $197 
million. In arriving at adjusted cash net income, which we believe is a good measure of our operating performance, we 
also add back both the impact of the repurposing in the Manati facility and the after tax impact of the EU restructuring, 
which was $69 million for an adjusted C&I of $266 million or $1.04 per diluted share, and that is based on $255 
million diluted ordinary shares outstanding. 

For the first quarter, the marginal tax rate associated with the amortization of intangibles was 5.1% and the marginal 
tax rate for deferred loan costs was 5.2%. The reconciliation from GAAP net income to cash net income and adjusted 
cash net income for all periods presented is included in our press release. 


Turning to liquidity, we ended the quarter with $201 million of cash and cash equivalents on the balance sheet. And 
during the quarter, we generated $272 million of cash from operating activities. Those debt holders on the call, we've 
also include a reconciliation of GAAP net income to adjusted EBITDA. Adjusted EBITDA, using the credit facility 
definition for first quarter of '11, was $393 million. 

As we've said in the past, in the absence of compelling opportunities to invest in our business, we anticipate that we 
will use our future free cash flow to make additional optional prepayments of our term debt. We expect to continue to 
be able to generate strong cash flows going forward toward – due to our higher operating margins combined with 
relatively modest investments in working capital, modest annual capital expenditure requirements and our favorable tax 
structure. 

Before taking your questions, let me take a moment to point out that we have updated our guidance for 2011 based on 
our first quarter results and our current outlook for the balance of the year, including the impact of our restructuring of 
Western Europe and the repurposing of our Manati facility. We expect impact of these strategic initiatives, meaning the 
Western European restructuring and Manati facility, to be neutral to mildly accretive to cash [ph] unencumbent (16:50) 
to 2011 and accretive thereafter. Let me point out that our revenue range for 2011 remains the same, although we now 
anticipate that we'll come in at the high end of that range. 

Though we saw higher than expected benefits from the DORYX loyalty cards reserve accounting and then the slower 
than anticipated decline of ACTONEL revenue in Western Europe, we do not expect these benefits to be sustained 
throughout the year. That's a way of saying don't annualize our first quarter revenues. 

Our range for SG&A expenses was increased due to slower than anticipated erosion of ACTONEL revenue in Western 
Europe in Q1 and that results in the higher-than-expected co-promote payments to Sanofi for our ex U.S. sales. We 
have also specified a range for the total charges we expect for the full year 2011 associated with our Western European 
restructuring of $110 million to $120 million net of tax. Remember that all these costs will be included in our GAAP 
results along with the Manati repurposing costs recorded in Q1 and we will add these costs back in calculating adjusted 
C&I. 

Please note that Western European charges are based on the FX rates that are in effect at the time we announced the 
restructuring. Obviously, FX rates will fluctuate as we incur the charges country-by-country. 

Our R&D range has decreased to reflect our most recent estimates of the timing of our internal programs as well as 
anticipated payments of certain milestones. Taking all of these things into consideration, we at this time raise our 2011 
guidance range for adjusted cash net income by $0.10 per share. A detailed copy of the guidance is available on our 
website in the press release that we issued this morning. 

And with that, Allie, I'd ask you to open up the line for questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Marc Goodman of UBS. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Marc Goodman MBA>: Yeah, two things. One, Roger, can you talk about the Quinolone for a sec? Did you say 
that Phase II is done? You've seen the data or when are we going to see the data on the product? And then maybe you 
could also tell us when we're going to see the udenafil Data. And then Paul, can you talk about – what was the average 
selling price for LOESTRIN in the quarter? And can you just give us a sense when you say don't annualize these 
numbers and the gross to nets are going to change throughout the year, can you just put a little more comments behind 
that? Thanks. 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault>: Thanks, Marc. it's Roger. Yeah, it's Nemonoxacin. It's a non-fluorinated quinolone. 
And yes, we have done Phase II studies and right now, we are meeting to see where we want to take this as far as Phase 


III is concerned. 

<Q - Marc Goodman MBA>: The Phase IIs were successful? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault>: Yes. But those were – in other words, we've done dose ranging. We've optimized the 
dose. Now we have to make a decision on which indications we want to pursue. And in fact, I think this week we've got 
another meeting around that. So it's progressing, it's progressing nicely, but this is a critical time in the development of 
the antibiotics and how efficiently we can make it through Phase III and into the marketplace. The udenafil front, it's 
still moving along, as you may be aware, spermatogenesis is still part of the clinical evaluation. So that's working, 
moving forward, and like we said, we're probably – unless we update you, we're looking for a submission probably in 
early of 2012. I think the next question was with Paul. 

<A - Paul S. Herendeen>: Yeah, I got it. I have it, Roger. I mean, I got a couple of things, Marc. I think you asked 
about the net prices for LOESTRIN 24. Please remember, gross to net moves around every quarter, so when you're 
looking at a quarter and you're trying to forecast the quarter, this is not an exact science. But for the OCs, it's in the 
mid-50s. It could be in trend from the mid-50s to the high 50s. 

My comment with respect to don't annualize is there were some items that we called out during the prepared remarks, 
for example, the turnaround of the DORYX with respect to the loyalty cards. You'll recall that every time we've had an 
issue, where experienced changes, meaning, there's change in the way you're having a revenue reserve or changing 
your experience with a contra-revenue amount, you have to adjust your reserve at the end of the quarter. 

So you end up in a quarter like this one, where, yeah, things are moving in a positive direction, you get some pop-up, 
some help, in your revenue from that adjustment, which is not sustained. It doesn't continue throughout the year. Also 
the fact that we had higher-than-expected sales of ACTONEL outside the United States, we still expect that revenue to 
fall away here in – even as we speak fall away. So that the amount that you see reported for our first quarter is not a 
number that you should be annualizing. You should be looking at the balance of the year, looking at what we reported 
through Q1 and comparing that to our stated guidance range for the full year revenues and coming up with a trajectory 
that you feel comfortable with for the balance of the year. 

But it's just the caution about the way our quarter fell out. We do not try to manage the quarters and this quarter tended 
to be higher revenues than you were expecting and certainly we were expecting as well. Did that help? 

<Q - Marc Goodman MBA>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Our question comes from Shibani Malhotra of RBC Capital. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Shibani Malhotra MBA>: Hi guys. Thanks for taking my question and congrats on a great quarter. So first on 
ACTONEL genericization in Europe, can you comment on what you believe, Paul, was driving this slower 
genericization, especially given that you saw the same thing in quarter four last year? And then looking forward, you've 
got assumptions for the full year. But how do you expect the trajectory to look? Is it going to be a slow decline or 
should we be expecting a sudden adjustment near-term and then back to kind of the slow genericization? And then on 
ACTONEL and ATELVIA in the U.S., can you talk about the overall script trends with bisphosphonates and how you 
see these things forward? And also on the uptake of ATELVIA so far, how this was with your expectations and how do 
you expect this changing? Thanks. 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault>: Okay. Let me just take the ACTONEL/ ATELVIA stuff, Shibani, and then Paul can 
talk about what the future looks like. You asked about ACTONEL in Europe and yeah, it's going a little bit slower than 
we had anticipated, but it is going. So make no mistake about it. We do forecast how the conversion – and it is basically 
a country-by-country conversion. Nicely, I mean, on the good front, it is occurring a little bit slower than we 
anticipated, but it will continue to convert and basically we have made the move to downsize that sales organization 
because it really isn't going to matter. If we promote the product or if we don't promote the product, the path is pretty 


well defined. 

As far as the U.S, it is kind of interesting what's going on with ACTONEL and ATELVIA. And you probably know the 
answer, but the – if you look at the bisphosphonate market, the bisphosphonate market continues to contract about 20% 
to 25%, and that includes the generics. So it's not losses to the generic. It's the issues around the market itself. And I do 
think it's got a lot to do that this has become Medicaid part D and it's part of the issue that now Medicare is taking over 
the payment of these medications. 

And unfortunately, although we have a higher market share of the overall market, the market has contracted. And 
basically with ATELVIA, I think as we've talked about it, we have a 5% share of new-to-brand and new-to-brand is 
defined as naive patients moving into the marketplace, or switches. In other words they're new to the brand and move 
from another brand. And actually this execution is better than the LO LO execution, but the problem is the market has 
gotten smaller. And you can blame that on a lot of things or even it's sort of the time the clinician spends with the 
patient. We have no issues around – and every time we talk about ATELVIA to the physicians, yeah, it's a great idea. 

But the problem is I got to take time with my patients in taking them off the existing brand. And if they're not 
complaining, why am I going to take that time? I think the other issue too, is it's been we've had – and it's been slow on 
the managed care front. And we've been moving slowly from plan to plan. I think as we move forward and we get 
better plan coverage, it should be reflected in a better uptake of ATELVIA. 

<Q - Shibani Malhotra MBA>: Thank you. 

<A - Paul S. Herendeen>: Yeah, I'll just – to continue on Shibani, I think your question was kind of what should you 
expect as you go forward here. I mean we, in the first quarter, to give you – without being specific about countries, we 
had some countries where we lost 100% of business, some where we lost 80%, some where we lost 65% and some 
where the erosion was so far, through the first quarter, less than 40%. 

We are still expecting that for the year, we will lose that same level of business which we talked about earlier, which I 
think was you're going to lose in '11 60% to 70% of that business. And so we're still watching it day to day and we're 
watching it go away. And we thought it would be faster that it was in Q1 and I think from one perspective, that's good, 
but also don't want people to think this is going to be something that's going to continue on into Q2, 3 and 4. We don't 
expect that at all and we're watching it pretty closely. 

<Q - Shibani Malhotra MBA>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Paul S. Herendeen>: Thanks, Shibani. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from David Risinger, Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 

<Q - David R. Risinger CFA>: Yes, hi. Sorry about that. My question relates to ATELVIA. I'm curious about whether 
there's an opportunity for you to do pulsing of your DTC advertising in the future. The reason why I'm thinking of it is 
that the DTC ad was extremely well received and historically, DTC advertising has paid off in the drug industry with a 
positive ROI. And so I'm wondering if you would consider doing DTC ads on an intermittent basis in the future? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault>: Hey, David. It's Roger. We would consider it. It's – I think we've learned long ago. I 
think it was the beer industry that started with the pulsing routine. You don't have to continuously advertise your 
product. I think the issue that we have currently with ATELVIA is we could bring back the DTC, but we've got to look 
at the growth characteristics of the market and right now we're making progress. We're slowly making progress on the 
managed care front. I'd like to see cars make better progress on the managed care front and let that works its way 
through before we back to the DTC. Just in my mind, products earn DTC. It's really not a random event. 

And I think we have issues right now where we have better coverage with ACTONEL and we'd like to see that cover 
gap slow up. It's not that the managed care – it's really – it's not great pricing differences between ACTONEL. It's the 


issue that they've been a little bit slow to act and they've been slowly – we've been getting better and better coverage 
with ATELVIA. And I think that's job one. And then we'll evaluate if we should bring DTC back. 

<Q - David R. Risinger CFA>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Gregg Gilbert of Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Gregg Gilbert>: Thanks. I have a few. Just to follow up on that ATELVIA comment, Roger, how are you 
looking for Part D formularies in 2012? I think the deadline may have passed or is soon to come. 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault>: Could you repeat that? I'm sorry, I didn't 


<Q - Gregg Gilbert>: Yeah, sorry about that. ATELVIA Part D positioning for next year, I think the deadline is past 
or is soon to pass or how are you looking in part D for 2012? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault>: Right. Like I said, there's a – we had a lot of activity. Bill Pole, who is head of our 
managed care group has done a lot of focus. And we're being considered by, I think, the majority of the major 
formularies. It's just – it is a slow process. We've got pretty good coverage with the ACTONEL, but the problem with 
ATELVIA has been slow coming. We've gotten a couple base hits lately. And we're at bat in nearly every major 
managed care organization and with a product like ATELVIA, you do have to have this type of coverage. Our 
commercial coverage is better than the Part D, but I do suspect it's going to take us a little bit more time to make 
penetration. And yes, we're in place for – or we're trying to get everything covered by 2012. 

<Q - Gregg Gilbert>: Paul, can I ask you to comment any more specifically on sales and EPS patterns in 2Q versus 
1Q, based on sales or spend patterns that you know about that we can't really model? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault>: Paul probably can give you a better color or that. 

<A - Paul S. Herendeen>: Yeah, Gregg. We had this – you served up the question to me the last quarter. And I, of 
course, I failed to answer both sides of it, so I appreciate your asking it again. If you take your – just simply take our 
guidance range for revenue, we've indicated we think it would be towards the higher end of that range. And you've got 
what we reported in Q1, and it would be hard to be too far off with respect to revenue for the balance of the year, just 
simply using the math. 

As I indicated, the first quarter revenues were above what we were looking for and so that, within our guidance range 
will reduce our expectations for the balance of the year. But on balance, we're looking at the high end of the range, and 
we feel pretty good about that. And we think that that would be considered pretty good performance in light of the fact 
that we're coming off a year where we're comparing back to a year prior to the loss of exclusivity for ACTONEL. 

With respect to expenses, I think you can see in Q1, the DTC costs were mainly incurred during Q1, but they are 
bleeding over into Q2. But as we talked about in the past year, we're talking about $10 million, not $30 million. And so, 
by and large, the expenses ought to be relatively consistent, except for as that ACTONEL sales ex U.S. continues to 
decline as we expect it will decline, that will have an impact on our selling expense, which includes that line item for 
the payments to Sanofi. 

Part of our thinking for the full year is we have to adjust upward our thinking about the co-pro expense to Sanofi 
because of the higher Q1 sales over the slower Q1 sales of ACTONEL ex U.S., which we do expect to erode over the 
balance of the year. So you've got a little higher on the G&A front. You've got higher selling expenses in Q1 than you 
would expect for the balance of the year. 

R&D is relatively consistent. G&A is relatively consistent. And there's a pretty narrow corridor for fitting in our 
revenues for the balance of the year. So, I think we should be reasonably good, and it looks like you should be able to 
land on something pretty close to what our expectations are. 


<Q - Gregg Gilbert>: All right. And then maybe for both of you, bigger picture stuff. With the cash flow you're 
generating in the stock's multiple, curious on your current thinking on deals versus deleveraging versus even 
considering stock buyback at this point? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault>: Well, I think Paul has talked about our position on that and I think Paul has been 
talking about the fact that we do create cash. We are going to – our first priority will be to take down our debt. Paul? 

<A - Paul S. Herendeen>: Yeah, I mean, if we had an acquisition here – and this is back to what we started to say over 
the course of the last couple of quarters. We continue to have what we think is very good access to debt capital to 
activate business strategies if something is available to us and so, we would be able to go out. So we don't see using our 
cash – or as we use our cash to reduce debt, we don't see that as thwarting or hindering us with respect to activating a 
business opportunity here in the near term. We feel like we could go back out to the market and reborrow those monies. 

If we get to the point in two, three, four quarters where we're really delevered – I mean we're now comfortably below 
3x and continuing to forecast a pretty substantial delevering over the course of year. Yeah, I mean at some point in 
time, we'd look and say our balance sheet, our capital structure seems to be optimized by having a little bit more debt 
than the average company. Because of that, what I think are pretty unique characteristics, so we would at that moment 
in time look to situations of either paying a special dividend or some other means of putting money back in the hands of 
shareholders. 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault>: Does that help, Gregg? 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Gary Nachman of Susquehanna. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Gary Nachman MBA>: Hi, good morning. Roger, another one on ATELVIA, could you characterize a little bit 
more the challenges with the sales force that you mentioned? Is it tougher than expected in primary care? Is the sales 
force the right size? And then Paul, why was ATELVIA sales only $1 million in the quarter? Will you guys recognize 
more pipeline sales for that in the next couple of quarters as the uptake continues? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault>: Yeah, I'll grab the first part. Yeah, Gary, it is kind of interesting. We do have 
excellent execution in some areas of the country, in some of the districts in some of those. In others, it's really rough 
going. But I do think that when you overlay all branded sales – when I say, when you look at us in comparison to 
Phynova, we can compare very well in areas where branded sales do well. 

The issue is having access in more difficult areas where you have high managed care coverage. And it's just going to 
take some time to get access to those formularies and that will open up the door for those sales reps who are having the 
tougher sledding. That being said, this is a much younger sales force that doesn't have the relationships that we 
currently have with the women's healthcare sales force. So we see some diversion execution. But we hope that, once we 
can – if we can level the field with managed care in those tougher areas, we'll see a more uniform execution. 

I guess the second question is – and I think you answered your second question yourself. But I'll let Paul deal with it. 

<A - Paul S. Herendeen>: With respect to the ATELVIA sales, Gary, you'll remember that in Q4 we did load in $5 
million and so the recorded sales in Q1 were $1 million. That's just the way it fell out. I mean, I think I can safely 
report that Q2 sales are higher than $1 million. And we would expect that the sales will ramp up based on the continued 
increases in RXs. And then with that, you continue to fill the pipe. But it was just the timing of orders $5 million in Q4, 
$1 million in Q1 and it will be more than that in Q2. 

<Q - Gary Nachman MBA>: Okay. And then Paul, could you provide a little bit more color on how much the 
inventories played into the key products like ACTONEL and ASACOL? I mean, if you could quantify that, I think that 
would be helpful for us to explain some of the deltas that we saw in 1Q. 


<A - Paul S. Herendeen>: Well, I'm not going to quantify it in terms of a dollar amount. But hold on one second, so I 
make sure I have my slide sheet in front of me and give you the correct things. With respect to ACTONEL and 
ATELVIA, during the current quarter, they had a slight – and I'm talking slight – expansion, ASACOL slight 
expansion. OCs were neutral. DORYX as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, strong contraction, because of the 
channel rebalancing. ESTRACE Cream was neutral and ENABLEX, a slight expansion. So yeah, I mean it's – you had 
a little help from inventories, but not a ton in the quarter. 

<Q - Gary Nachman MBA>: Okay. So it was really more all about the growth to nets. That's actually helpful. 

<A - Paul S. Herendeen>: Yeah. I mean, but let me buttress that, because yeah, if you think about – I know we've had 
quarters where it was all about gross to net and not going the correct way or the preferred way. Yeah, it's about gross to 
net and this is about Roger and the rest of the team seeing something that we, where – which was working for us in the 
beginning of 2010 and the game changed. And we changed the game from our side and that improved, markedly, gross 
to net on DORYX at the expense of some filled RXs. And in the case of LOESTRIN 24, we got a nice pick up in gross 
to net because we had a card program which was not as cost-effective as we thought when we started. So those are 
actual actions on our part that helped improve the gross to net in those two brands. 

<Q - Gary Nachman MBA>: Okay. And then last one for Roger, the ASACOL HD conversion has stalled for a little 
while now. Is that still an important focus for you guys or are you less concerned about it? Going forward, do you feel 
that much better about the likelihood that we'll see a generic ASACOL over the next few years? Thanks. 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault>: Yeah, good question. You're right. We feel less concerned about conversion to – from 
ASACOL to ASACOL HD and it's more about growing the franchise. We do think – we believe we have a superior 
product whether it's the 400 or the HD and we've taken enough – another step in restructuring of the sales forces as 
we've talked about. And that going forward, we will have – knowing the process of doing this, we will have a dedicated 
gastroenterology sales force and a dedicated dermatology sales force. 

When we first embarked on this, we just didn't have the resources, so we took some of the derm people and we mixed 
them with some of the existing gastroenterology people and we had sales reps doing both dermatology and 
gastroenterology. We think the nature of this, with a more scientific sale, we need dedicated gastroenterology sales 
reps, because it's more than just saying let's – I want to convert my business from 400 to HD. We think there is a very 
compelling story around the sell in the ASACOL and the idea is to grow the franchise, not to focus on conversion. 

<Q - Gary Nachman MBA>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Randall Stanicky of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Randall Stanicky>: Great. Thanks, you guys for the questions. Paul, first, just to follow-up on the business 
development front, a lot of focus on you guys potentially doing something there. Can you just give us some more color 
on what you're seeing with respect to the asset acquisition landscape? And then another part of that, is Europe now 
officially off the table for bisb? 

<A - Paul S. Herendeen>: Yeah, I'll let Roger handle the European piece [indiscernible] (42:00) and speak generally 
about the availability of assets for purchase. We always talk about we maintain a very active business development 
profile out there. Tony Bruno, who heads our activity, sees a lot of things. And the market is I think today is as good as 
it's been. The question is can you get a discussion story that ends up in a closed transaction. 

We're hopeful. Certainly, we have all seen – we have seen, not just within our company, but within our sector, that a 
way to create value in a stair-step is by executing a business development transaction. We get it and we would – I dare 
say, we would transact frequently if there were good deals out there to be done. The challenge is for us to basically get 
a discussion started for an asset that we covet and then get to closure. It's not us. It's not our side of the equation that 
keeps us from doing a BD deal. We're, at this stage, tanned, rested and ready to do deals and are hopeful that our 


business development activities will surface opportunities that we can close on sometime here in the near term. But 
that's – it's not dependent on our desire, it's dependent on the availability of those assets out there in the marketplace. 
Roger, you want to take the EU question? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault>: Yeah. I mean, at the outset, I have to state that it wasn't our plan to – that we always 
planned to shut down the European part of the business. And indeed, we have an excellent business in the UK and we 
will continue to attempt to grow that business and the UK is an active market for us, because it's really based around 
ASACOL and it has sustained itself quite nicely. 

However, we have been actively looking for products in Europe that we could sustain that business space. But I got to 
tell you it is tough sledding. But it doesn't mean we don't continue to look. And then we're also looking – we have a 
couple of products, particularly in the antibiotics where they are new chemical entities. And these may be opportunities 
for marketing these products in Europe, but not with the existing infrastructure that we have. It might be through a 
collaboration or if we have another product like ACTONEL, you could rebuild that business space. We do have the 
expertise, but it's not because we haven't been looking or we planned to do this all along. [indiscernible] (44:38) 
business space. 

<Q - Randall Stanicky>: Great. And if I could just ask one more follow-up on LO LOESTRIN, can you just comment 
on the split between the younger population and perimenopausal and is that launch trajectory going in the direction that 
you initially expected? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault>: No. It's not going in the direction that we had initially expected. It's going better than 
we expected. And I think we've gotten a better uptake in the younger women than we had anticipated. And I think 
you'll see that we'll probably move to more emphasis on LO LO and less of the straddling the 24 and the LO LO, 
because we've seen the reception actually in the younger population. And I think a lot of this has to do because you 
have a lot of young women who are now OB/GYNs and it's probably the pill that they would take and it has translated 
in uptake in the younger population. And we've gotten – obviously we've gotten great support in the perimenopausal 
area, but the surprising thing is, it's expanded use and it's acceptability in the younger patient. 

<Q - Randall Stanicky>: Great. That's helpful. Thanks very much, guys. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Michael Tong of Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Michael K. Tong PhD, CFA>: Good morning. Paul, when you talk about the charges associated with the 
repurposing of your Puerto Rico facility and also restructuring of Western Europe operations, how much of that – if 
you give us an idea, how much of that is cash, how much of that is non-cash? And then secondly, is there anything to 
update us on the transfer pricing negotiations front? 

<A - Paul S. Herendeen>: Yeah, Michael. Of the charges that we took in the quarter, for the Manati piece, $21 million 
of that was non-cash. It was basically taking a facility and saying, we intended to use it one way and now we're 
intending to use it a different way. And the net result of that is that we wrote that down. All – and that's in cost of goods 
sold, by the way. All other costs that we expect to incur with respect to the restructuring will ultimately be settled in 
cash. It's – you're talking about severance. You're talking about unwinding contracts and the like. And so ultimately, it 
will be settled in cash. 

But it gives me the opportunity to I think address how we think about those costs. If we go back in time to 2009 when 
we acquired PGP, we acquired PGP for what we thought was a great price. Part and parcel of that was that we were 
required to buy the entire business. And then during 2010 we were actually required under contracts we had to perform 
under to build out this business in Western Europe. And now we're looking at it strategically and we're restructuring it. 
In many ways, Michael, I think of the costs of unwinding those operations in Western Europe as looking back at as part 
of the acquisition costs associated with PGP. Does that answer the question? 


<Q - Michael K. Tong PhD, CFA>: It does. Thanks. And on the transfer pricing front? 

<A - Paul S. Herendeen>: On the progress on the APA? 

<Q - Michael K. Tong PhD, CFA>: Yeah. 

<A - Paul S. Herendeen>: Yeah, that's – yeah. We continue with that process. We have had a submission and we are 
hopeful that we can get a discussion started. I say – I almost look at our situation with the APA office as similar to the 
BD. We're ready to sit down any time and we think we could get to a mutually agreeable answer quickly. It's not us. It's 
getting the other side to engage. We are very active in that process. It's a very high priority item for us. And so we will 
hopefully be able to provide some additional reports around how we're doing on that process towards the latter part of 
this year. 

<Q - Michael K. Tong PhD, CFA>: Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

I'm showing no further questions and I'd like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Paul Herendeen for any closing 
remarks. 

Paul S. Herendeen 

Yes. Thanks very much, Allie. I'd just like to thank everybody for participating in our call this morning. We hope that 
the information that we've provided gives you a little bit more texture around evaluating how we did in the first quarter. 
We think we're off to a good start for 2011. We've got a lot of exciting things to deal with over the balance of the year. 
And we look forward to speaking with all of you on our call and some of you I will see you in Las Vegas next week. 
Thanks very much. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2011, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


