Q1 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
• Roger Boissonneault, President and Chief Executive Officer 
Other Participants 

• Marc Goodman 
• Christopher Schott 
• Randall Stanicky 
• David Buck 
• Gary Nachman 
• David Risinger 
• Elliot Wilbur 
• John Newman 
• Gregg Gilbert 
• Michael Tong 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Warner Chilcott announces First Quarter 2010 Financial Results 
Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer 
session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] 

I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief 
Financial Officer. Please go ahead. 

Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you, [Allie]. Good morning and thanks for joining our call. Earlier this morning we issued a press release that 
details our first quarter of 2010 results. Hopefully, you've all had a chance to review the press release, and copies of the 
press release are available on our website. 

Roger and I will take a few minutes to give a general business overview and briefly review our first quarter 2010 
financial results, which will be followed by a Q&A period. As you'll recall, our fourth quarter and full year 2009 
financial results reflected the impact of two major transaction, the acquisition of PGP at the end of October and the 
effective sale of the rights to the LEO products at the end of September. Those transactions made comparisons with the 
prior year's results and even sequential quarters difficult to interpret. 

The same is true of our first quarter 2010 results. As I talk about our results I will call out specific items related to the 
PGP and LEO Pharma transactions that continue to run through our financials. 

Before doing that, let me point out that during this call we will make forward-looking statements. These statements are 
subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause the company's actual results to differ materially from 


such statements. These risks and uncertainties are discussed in our 2009 Form 10-K, which is available on the SEC's 
website. 

The forward-looking statements made during this call are made only as of the date of this call, and the company 
undertakes no obligation to update such statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances. In addition, we may 
make reference during the course of this call to non-GAAP financial measures as defined by the SEC regulations. In 
accordance with these regulations, we have provided reconciliations of these measures in our press release issued this 
morning to what we believe are the most directly comparable GAAP measures. 

With that, let me turn things over to Roger Boissonneault, our President and Chief Executive Officer. Roger? 

Roger Boissonneault, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. I'll provide you a brief business update before turning it back to 
Paul, who will provide an overview of our first quarter 2010 financial results. Let me talk through some of the areas of 
focus for us currently. 

First, we continue to be on track with the integration of the P&G, the pharma business. The PGP acquisition 
significantly enhanced our presence in North America and provides us with a presence in Western Europe and other 
markets around the world. The majority of the integration effort is focused in Western Europe, countries where Warner 
Chilcott did not have a prior presence. 

Second, we continued to review and prioritize our R&D programs. Our approach to R&D remains the same, with a 
focus on the productivity of R&D and investment in lower-cost, high-probability of success projects. That said, the 
increased scale and development capabilities resulting from our acquisition of PGP enable us to explore more product 
development opportunities both internally and through licensing agreements. 

We recently amended our licensing agreement with Dong-A to add an exclusive license in the US and Canada to 
develop a marker udenafil, for the treatment of BPH. As a result, we made a $20 million license payment to Dong-A in 
late April pursuant to the agreement. The development work related to this indication is close to entering Phase II 
development. 

Next, during the first quarter we also took steps to adjust and refocus our promotional efforts both in North America 
and in Western Europe. In early April, we announced an amendment to the global collaboration agreement with 
Sanofi-Aventis related to the promotion of Actonel. Warner Chilcott has taken full operational control over the 
promotion of Actonel in the United States and Puerto Rico and will assume responsibilities for all associated costs 
relating to those activities. 

Prior to the amendment, we shared these costs with Sanofi-Aventis in these territories. Beginning in April 1, 
Sanofi-Aventis will receive collaboration payments from us based on an agreed-upon percentage of US and Puerto 
Rico net sales for the remainder of the term of the collaboration agreement, which expires on January 1, 2015. The 
amendment is an important step in our efforts to prepare for the launch of the next-generation Actonel product, which is 
anticipated to occur in early 2011. If approved, the new once-a-week product will eliminate the fasting requirements of 
dosing bisphosphonates. 

As we gear up to close the Sanofi amendment, we undertook a review of our US primary care sales force with the 
objective of optimizing the resources in preparation for the launch of the next-generation Actonel product. When 
complete, we expect to have roughly 400-territory sales force in place targeting primary care and other physicians that 
are high prescribers of osteoporosis products. As we sit here today we have a number of open territories in the primary 
care sales force due to attrition and separations. We anticipate that the open territories will be filled through a 
combination of former Sanofi sales representatives and ongoing recruiting efforts. Reorganization of the primary care 
sales force is expected to be completed by midsummer. 


In the US, where Actonel continues to face market share declines, there has been a lack of promotion associated with 
re-organizational issues I just discussed. Total filled prescriptions for Actonel in the U.S. declined approximately 
21.7% in the first quarter of 2010 compared to the first quarter of 2009. 

Our promotional efforts, which take a franchise view of Actonel products, are focused on building strong relationships 
with PCPs and other high-prescribing physicians promoting the benefits of a risedronate. Our combined urology and 
gynecology, or Uro/Gyn team, has promotional responsibilities for our women's health and urology products in the 
United States, Loestrin 24 and Enablex. This roughly 260-territory team is made up of primarily of sales 
representatives from Warner Chilcott's women's healthcare field force. 

Loestrin 24 has continued its strong performance into 2010 with total prescriptions for Loestrin 24 growing over 70% 
in the U.S. in the first quarter of 2010 as compared to the first quarter of 2009. We believe that Loestrin 24 has the 
potential to continue to gain market share through 2010, as the product will remain a promotional focus and a 
contraception regardless of the timing of the approval and launch of our new low-dose OC. 

As we previously disclosed, we received the complete response letter from the FDA on our NDA for our low-dose OC 
indicating that FDA was delaying approval of the product based on deficiencies noted during inspections of the 
third-party drug substance manufacturing facility and control testing laboratory. We continue to work with FDA and 
our third-party partners to resolve the issue. 

We remain confident that our low-dose OC will be approved, but cannot give assurances as to the precise timing of the 
approval and subsequent launch. Our focus is to grow the market share of our portfolio of OCs, taken as a whole. So 
depending on the timing of the low-dose approval, that maybe Loestrin 24 or it could be a combination of the low-dose 
OC and Loestrin 24. 

A number of representatives from PCP and Uro/Gyn teams are also focused on a promotion of Enablex which we 
co-promote with Novartis. We continue to believe that the promotion of Enablex is strategically important as it 
provides our field force with access to urologists, as we continue to work on the erectile dysfunction products included 
in our developmental pipeline. You will recall that the identical product that we license from Dong-A for ED indication 
began Phase III clinical trials in the U.S. in the later half of 2009. Those trials are anticipated to take roughly two years 
to complete. 

Let me move on to discuss the Gastro/Derm sales team, which consists of roughly 110 territories, which we believe 
gives us a strong reach and frequencies in these specialty areas. The primary focus of Gastro/Derm team is the 
promotion of Asacol HD, which we view as key to maintaining a growing share within the ulcerative colitis market. 
New prescriptions of Asacol HD now account for over 13% of the Asacol franchise. We are hard at work on growing 
the Asacol HD portion of our Asacol business. 

To augment the sales force promotional efforts, we recently launched a loyalty card program related to Asacol HD. The 
dynamics of prescription writing in the ulcerative colitis market are somewhat similar to what we saw in Taclonex in 
the psoriasis space. Most new-start patients originate with a specialist, in this case a gastroenterologist, with refill 
prescriptions gradually migrating to the primary care physicians. 

Our success with Asacol HD will be driven by how well we do with the gastroenterologists. The Gastro/Derm team 
also promotes DORYX. While we continue to see prescription growth for DORYX 150 in the first quarter, more recent 
prescription data shows growth slowing due to the shift of our primary promotional focus to Asacol HD. 

For the non-US countries our promotional focus varies in each country. We promote Actonel in most markets in 
Western Europe; Asacol in the UK and several local brands in Spain, France, and other markets. We continue to expect 
just under 20% of our 2010 adjusted revenue to come from the rest of the world. 

Our most significant product outside of North America from a revenue standpoint is Actonel. In 2010, the largest 
impact on Actonel brand outside of the US is expected to be the loss of exclusivity in Canada, which began to impact 
us in the first quarter and in Western Europe where we expect to see the impact beginning in the fourth quarter of 2010. 


We remain focused on the potential we see for the business development activities in many of the Western European 
countries. We continue to explore opportunities that would enable us to expand our product portfolios into Western 
Europe. 

Now let me turn things back to Paul to take you through the first quarter financial results. 

Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 

Yeah, thanks, Roger. And before I go to the first quarter earnings, let me briefly discuss the recent healthcare reform as 
it relates to Warner Chilcott's expected results in 2010. And I will start with what I believe is an important statement. 
We do not anticipate that healthcare reform will have a material impact on our 2010 revenues. 

Let me start with a little background. The major elements of healthcare reform that are expected to impact branded 
pharmaceutical companies are: first, the increase in the minimum statutory Medicaid rebate from 15.1% of average 
manufacturer's price or AMP to 23.1%, which was effective January 1, 2010. 

Second, there is a change to the way AMP is defined. Without getting too far into the details, using the new definition 
when looking at individual products, the dollar amount of AMP per unit will generally increase and, therefore, the 
dollar amount of Medicaid rebates per unit will increase as well. We believe this takes effect as of October 1 of this 
year. 

Next, drugs dispensed to Medicaid beneficiaries enrolled in managed care organizations are now subject to the same 
statutory Medicaid rebates as other Medicaid utilization. We believe this took effect in late March of this year. 

Fourth, there is now a requirement that pharma companies cover 50% of the cost of their drugs dispensed under 
Medicare in the so-called doughnut hole. This is effective on January 1 of next year. 

And finally, there's a so-called excise tax or annual fee on pharma companies that will aggregate 2.5 billion for the 
industry in 2011 and move up from there. Companies will pay their share of the aggregate amount based on their 
relative market share of drugs distributed under government programs. I'll not spend a lot of time on this one as it will 
not impact on our 2010 results, and there are many unanswered questions with respect to how this tax will be allocated. 

I'll address the other four aspects of healthcare reform and the potential impact on our expected 2010 results, starting 
with the increase in the statutory minimum rebate from 15.1% to 23.1%. 

It is worth pointing out that like many pharma companies, less than 10% of our product volumes are dispensed to 
Medicaid patients. To calculate the Medicaid rebate, you start with AMP; you multiply by the statutory rebate 
percentage, which is now 23.1%; and compare that dollar discount to the other discounts that are offered to other 
customers. 

If another entity gets a discount that is greater than the statutory minimum Medicaid discount, Medicaid gets the higher 
discount. This is typically referred to as the Best Price. While the new regulation is a bit more complex than this, at a 
high level the increase in the minimum rebate to 23.1% will come into play only if a product's Best Price reflected a 
discount of less than 23.1% of AMP. 

Within Warner Chilcott's U.S. portfolio, we have three products that have meaningful volume in Medicaid -- Actonel, 
Asacol, and Loestrin 24. In the cases of both Actonel and Asacol, our Best Prices reflected discounts in excess of 
23.1% of AMP and are, therefore, the level of Medicaid rebates for these products will not be impacted by this element 
of the healthcare reform bill. 

For Loestrin 24, the increase to 23.1% will result in our paying higher rebates than we previously paid. We estimate 
that the change will reduce our reported Loestrin 24 net sales by less than $5 million over the full year 2010. 

Next, let me move on to the change in the definition of average manufacturer's price, or AMP, which we believe takes 
effect on October 1 of this year. Heretofore, companies computing AMP would take into account sales to certain 


non-retail channel segments, the results of which would be to reduce AMP and, therefore, the dollar amount of 
Medicaid rebates calculated off of AMP. 

The change in the definition moves AMP into closer alignment with companies' gross selling prices. To the extent that 
a product's AMP was significantly below its gross selling price, the change in the definition could have a significant 
impact on the magnitude of Medicaid rebates for that product. 

Again, for Warner Chilcott I have good news. For both the Warner Chilcott legacy products and those acquired from 
P&G, AMP for our products has been very close to our full gross selling price. Therefore, while the change in the 
definition is expected to increase our Medicaid rebates, the impact is anticipated to be quite modest. There is just not 
much of a gap between the new definition of AMP and our gross selling price. 

Next, let me talk about the new requirement that we pay rebates on drugs dispensed to Medicaid beneficiaries covered 
by managed care organizations. A little background here is helpful. If a company's drugs are covered by Medicaid 
MCOs, it is highly likely that the company is already giving a hefty discount to the MCO for that privilege. Perhaps 
that's equal to or greater than the statutory minimum Medicaid rebate. 

The challenge here will be for companies for whom – excuse me-the challenge here for companies for whom this is an 
issue will be to ensure that there aren't two rebates paid on the same Rx. Luckily for us, we do not play much in this 
arena; in this, the issue is for us not expected to be significant. 

Finally, the 50% discount in the doughnut hole. Patients filling Rx's in the doughnut hole may be part of managed care 
plans and the plans are likely getting a discount already. And for Medicare plans the discounts are pretty steep and the 
delta between the discounts to the plans and 50% may not be as large as the headline 50% might indicate. 

The challenge here will be to negotiate agreements for 2011 with Medicare plans whereby we can maintain our 
positions on their formularies, if we choose, while taking into account this element of the healthcare reform. 

The change takes effect January 1 of next year. But we will likely need to establish a balance sheet accrual for the 
change during our fourth quarter under accepted accounting revenue recognition criteria. While it's early, based on 
current information, we do not expect the fourth quarter accrual to be material. 

Before moving to the discussion of our first quarter results, I want to point out that the potential for increases in 
Medicaid and Medicare rebates had been contemplated by Warner Chilcott when preparing our initial 2010 financial 
guidance earlier this year. With that, let me now move to our first quarter earnings. 

Our first quarter results include the operating results of the PGP business, while the prior year quarter did not. And as I 
mentioned in my opening remarks and as we did during our fourth quarter 2009 earnings call, as I review today's 
results I will note a few items such as a purchase accounting adjustment that flows through cost of sales, 
acquisition-related costs and other G&A expenses that directly relate to the PGP acquisition. 

Additionally, our first quarter results continue to be impacted by the distribution agreement we entered into with LEO, 
under which we agreed to distribute Dovonex and Taclonex until 2010 – I'm sorry, September of 2010. We have 
specifically identified the effect of the LEO distribution agreement in our revenue and cost of sales to give you a 
complete view of the impact of that agreement. 

In addition to the distribution agreement and as we have previously disclosed, 68.9 million of the gain on the LEO 
transaction was deferred as of the closing of the transaction with LEO, with that portion of the gain being recognized as 
the associated inventory held by Warner Chilcott as sold. We recognized 34.2 million of that gain in the fourth quarter 
of 2009 and another 25.1 million in the first quarter of 2010. The remaining 9.6 million is expected to be recognized 
during the term of the distribution agreement period, most likely in the second quarter. 

Note that we back -- the tax-affected 25.1 million of deferred gain recognized in Q1 out of adjusted cash net income 
and adjusted cash net income per share. After tax that amount was 24.6 million. 


Now let me turn to our results. Our first quarter revenue increased to 761 million, up approximately 210% compared to 
the first quarter of '09. The increased sales were obviously primarily related to the acquired PGP products, specifically 
net sales of Actonel, Asacol and Enablex. In addition, Loestrin 24 posted a strong net sales gain compared with the 
prior-year quarter. 

I am going to go through the revenue, and I will start with the women's healthcare portfolio. Net sales of our OCs 
increased 23.7 million or 32% this quarter versus the first quarter of '09 and were primarily driven by the sales of 
Loestrin 24. As Roger mentioned, we have been quite pleased with the positive momentum and solid gains in the 
market share of Loestrin 24 during 2009 and into 2010. 

Loestrin 24 contributed 78.8 million in net sales in the first quarter, up approximately 50% over the prior-year quarter. 
And that was driven by a 71% increase in filled prescriptions as well as higher average selling prices. Those increases 
were offset in part by the impact of higher sales-related deductions, primarily due to the increased utilization of the 
loyalty card program that we launched in Q1 of '09, and a contraction of pipeline inventories relative to the prior-year 
quarter. 

On a normalized basis the impact of the loyalty card program on the net sales of Loestrin 24 in the first quarter was 
approximately $12 per Rx. And what I mean by on a normalized basis is – when you set up the accruals for these card 
redemptions, there is a front-ending of some expense as you set up the accrual for product that is already out there in 
the pipeline. So again, on a normalized basis about $12 per Rx. 

Net sales of Actonel in the quarter were $262 million. This represents the last full quarter of net sales of Actonel 
recognized under the global co-pro agreement with Sanofi prior to the amendment that Roger spoke about during his 
remarks. Going forward, we will continue to recognize all net sales and cost of sales of Actonel in the US and Puerto 
Rico, as we have in the past, and will now recognize the full cost of all promotion-related expense for the US and 
Puerto Rico in our SG&A expense. 

The payment we will make to Sanofi in respect of Actonel in the US and Puerto Rico beginning in the second quarter is 
expected to be less than would have been the case prior to the amendment. In Q1, our share of the global co-promotion 
expense for Actonel under the Sanofi agreement was 107 million, which is included in our selling expense within 
SG&A. In the US, Actonel continues to face market share declines from the impact of managed care initiatives 
encouraging the use of generic versions of Fosamax. 

As Roger mentioned, in the US, the PCP field forces which we utilize for promotional efforts in support of Actonel is 
currently being re-organized. As we noted in our financial guidance call in January, we believe the product will 
continue to experience market share declines similar to the most recent trends during 2010. Global sales of Actonel 
were approximately 262 million; 154 million of that was in North America and 108 million in the rest of the world. 
Actonel sales in the US were 120 million. 

Turning to the dermatology segment, sales of DORYX were relatively flat in the quarter compared with the prior-year 
quarter, primarily due to a 32% increase in filled prescriptions and higher average selling prices being offset by higher 
sales-related deductions such as the cost of the customer loyalty card on DORYX and a contraction of pipeline 
inventories relative to the prior-year quarter. The loyalty card program decreases our net sales value per Rx for 
DORYX 150. At the end of 2009, our net sales for DORYX 150 per Rx, was about $250. In the first quarter of 2010, it 
continued to be roughly $250 on a normalized basis. 

Despite the impact on gross and net sales, the loyalty card program continues to help us drive market share gains for the 
DORYX franchise and is profitable for us at the margin. Based on our most recent weekly IMS data, DORYX 150 Rx's 
account for over 90% of the total DORYX franchise. 

Combined Taclonex and Dovonex net sales, which continue to flow through our P&L, were approximately 73 million 
in the first quarter of 2010. As part of the agreement with LEO, we expect to continue to distribute Dovonex and 
Taclonex through September of this year. This means we will continue to record revenue and cost of sales from the 
distribution of the products, which will have a negative impact on the reported gross profit margin percentage. 


You'll recall that our 2010 financial guidance excludes the impact of the LEO agreement; and therefore, as we report 
our 2010 results, we will call out the impact of Dovonex and Taclonex sales and related cost of sales so that you had a 
clear view of the impact of that agreement on our results. For the avoidance of doubt, our 2010 revenue guidance does 
not include any revenue we may record from the sales of Dovonex and Taclonex in 2010. 

Turning to gastroenterology, Asacol net sales were 165 million during the first quarter. The US portion of the Asacol 
business currently represents just over 95% of the 152 million in North American net sales during the quarter. As Roger 
discussed, one of our highest priorities is to grow the Asacol HD portion of the Asacol franchise. 

Our reported gross profit margin as a percentage of total revenue was 71.4% in the first quarter of 2010. The full 
amount of the inventory step-up on the PGP inventory acquired in October 2009 was 179 million, of which 
approximately 106 million was recognized through cost of sales in the first quarter of 2010. The impact of the purchase 
accounting step-up in the basis of the acquired PGP inventories is now behind us and will no longer impact our 
reported gross profit margin starting with Q2 of 2010. 

Under the LEO distribution agreement, we recorded sales of Dovonex and Taclonex, as I said, that totaled 
approximately 73 million. Included in cost of sales was approximately 73 million of cost of goods sold associated with 
these sales. Offsetting the negative impact of the stepped up inventories and the really zero gross margin on the sales 
for the LEO products, was the recognition of $25.1 million of deferred gain from the LEO transaction. That's also in 
cost of goods sold. 

Again, in computing our adjusted cash net income, we back out the after-tax amount of that deferred LEO gain 
recognized in the quarter. We expect that the remaining 9.6 million deferred gain on the LEO transaction will be 
recognized in Q2. Adjusted for the inventory step-up, the distributor margins on the sales of Dovonex and Taclonex 
and backing out the deferred gain in cost of sales, our gross margin on total revenue in the quarter was 90.7%. 

Reported SG&A expenses for the quarter were 320 million. Let me briefly walk through the three areas that make up 
our SG&A expense. Selling and distribution expenses, that's the expenses associated with our field sales forces, 
increased approximately 145 million primarily as a result of the 107 million of expense associated with the Sanofi 
global co-promotion agreement for Actonel, but also the increased head count resulting from the PGP acquisition, as 
well as new selling expenses related to the acquired PGP products. 

Advertising and promotion expense, what we refer to as A&P, increased approximately 23 million in the quarter 
compared to the prior-year quarter primarily as a result of A&P costs in support of the acquired PGP products. General 
and administrative expenses in the quarter were approximately $121 million, an increase of 105 million compared to 
the prior-year quarter, in large part due to increases in infrastructure costs, compensation expense, and professional 
legal fees primarily related to the PGP acquisition and integration. That included 11.5 million of legal, consulting, and 
other professional fees. 

Also in G&A this quarter are 22.8 million of expenses for services provided by P&G to us under the transaction -excuse 
me -- transition service agreement and 12.5 million of additional severance costs. Let me note that we anticipate 
that our G&A expense in 2010 will continue to be impacted by costs associated with the PGP integration including 
paying for transitional services performed for us by P&G, which runs through 2010 – excuse me -- October of 2010, 
and the build-out of our operating infrastructure which we anticipate to be substantially complete by the end of this 
year. 

The core amount of our G&A expenses in the quarter, excluding the TSA costs, excluding the integration consulting 
costs and severance, was roughly $74 million. 

R&D expenses in the quarter were approximately 31 million and included both the cost of development programs 
acquired in the PGP acquisition and ongoing Warner Chilcott product development programs. You'll note that we made 
no milestone payments during the first quarter. As Roger mentioned, we will record a $20 upfront licensing payment in 
R&D expense in the second quarter of 2010 associated with our recent agreement with Dong-A covering udenafil for 
BPH. 


Turning to amortization, amortization totaled 161 million in the first quarter. As we have noted in the past, in 
computing cash net income, we add back the after-tax impact of book amortization. We currently expect total 2010 
amortization to be approximately 640 million. 

Net interest expense for the first quarter was approximately 72 million and included 19.6 million as a result of the 
write-off of deferred loan costs associated with the repurchase of the remaining portion of our outstanding 8.75% senior 
subordinated notes and the optional pre-payment of $400 million of term loan B debt under our senior secured credit 
facilities. The pre-payment of the term loan B we made right at the end of the first quarter – right at the end of the 
quarter. We ended the quarter with a debt balance of approximately $2.5 billion, which was comprised of 975 million 
in term loan A and 1.545 billion of term loan B debt. Our net debt was roughly 2.3 billion. Our reported GAAP net loss 
in the first quarter of 2010 was approximately $17 million. 

Cash net income, which adds back the after-tax amortization of intangibles of approximately $147 million and the 
after-tax deferred loan cost of 25 million, was 155 million. Adjusted cash net income for the quarter, which excludes 
the 94 million after-tax impact of the inventory step-up and excludes the $25 million of after-tax gain associated with 
the deferred gain on the LEO inventories, was 224 million or $0.88 per fully diluted share based on 252.9 million 
diluted ordinary shares outstanding. For the first quarter of 2010 the marginal tax rate for the amortization of 
intangibles was 8.8%; and the marginal rate for the deferred loan fees was 9%. The reconciliation from GAAP net 
income to cash net income and adjusted cash net income is included in our press release. 

Turning to liquidity, you will recall that we ended 2009 with 539 million of cash and cash equivalents on the balance 
sheet. We generated 245 million of cash from operating activities in the first quarter, and we used 400 million to prepay 
term debt at the end of the quarter. In the absence of compelling opportunities to invest our free cash flow in strategic 
initiatives, such as in licensing opportunities, acquisitions, internal product development activities, and other 
investment opportunities, we expect to continue to use excess cash for deleveraging purposes. For those debt holders on 
the call, we included a reconciliation of GAAP net income to adjusted EBITDA in our press release. Adjusted EBITDA 
using the credit facility definition for the first quarter of 2010 was 334 million. 

Before taking your questions let me take a moment to reiterate our guidance for the full-year 2010 that we 
communicated to you on January 29 this year. While we are not making any changes to our revenue or adjusted cash 
net income guidance based on our first-quarter results, we have adjusted some of the ranges for categories within our 
P&L. And let me make a couple of comments on this. 

First, I would like to note that our first-quarter gross margins were in general stronger than we anticipated due to a 
number of factors; and, therefore, we currently anticipate the full-year gross margin to be roughly 100 basis points 
higher than was included in our initial guidance. And so our new guidance is in the range of 89 to 90%. Offsetting the 
increase in gross margin is the expectation that tax rate as a percentage of the EBTA is currently expected to be in the 
range of 12 to 13% of EBTA for the full-year 2010 versus the original guidance of 9 to 10% for the full-year 2010. 

It is worth me taking an additional minute to provide color around the change to our guidance range for income taxes. 
The increase is driven by an increase in our forecast for taxes in the United States, mainly due to a revised view of the 
tax treatment of certain U.S. co-promotion agreements. I want to point out that the increase in our expected tax rate for 
2010 is not indicative of a fundamental change in the tax efficiency of our corporate structure. Excluding the impact of 
certain of our co-promotion agreements, our cash tax rate would've continued to be in the range of 10% of EBTA. 

Last note on guidance. I noted earlier that we made a $20 million upfront payment to Dong-A for udenafil for BPH. We 
continue to anticipate that R&D expenditures for 2010 will be in the range of 180 to $200 million, which is inclusive of 
the 20 million milestone payment as it is offset by a reduction in the estimated internal R&D spend based on our 
current development plans. Today's press release includes a detailed copy of our current full-year 2010 financial 
guidance expectations. And with that, Allie , we can move and take questions. 

Q&A 


Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Marc Goodman of UBS. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Marc Goodman>: Hey, good morning, guys. First question is on Actonel. Can you help us with the price 
prescription that we should be using? Just give us a general ballpark of what we should be using. And tell us what you 
are going to do with respect to dynamics of Actonel and how to get that thing going. And just remind us again of the 
dynamic of the new product that's in the pipeline and the timing of that and the safety data, where we are in the timing 
of providing that. And your expectations of approval, which sounds like they're still launch of early next year. Just 
make sure we understand all that. Then the second thing is on Asacol, are you doing a pediatric trial right now in order 
to get the extra six months? Thanks. 

<A - Roger Boissonneault, President and Chief Executive Officer>: For the pricing? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yes, on the pricing, Marc, that's not 
something that we are prepared to provide. I think it is relatively straightforward for you to back into it. But we will go 
on to your other questions with respect to how do we get the Actonel franchise going in new Actonel. 

<A - Roger Boissonneault, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, I mean I did in the prepared remarks -basically 
we addressed the fact that right now we have to rebuild that sales force. We began with the P&G primary care 
sales force, and we have some elements of Sanofi sales force. But I think right now we just currently trained -- we have 
got about 100 new sales reps coming in and probably another 100 that will be trained to bring that up to speed. 

So that 400-person sales force, right now as we're talking about it, is probably about 120, 130 and it will be brought up 
to the 400 size by, I would imagine , this summer. So that issue is -- don't expect to see much from Actonel until we 
can get that sales force in place and operational. 

And so that is what we basically have been blaming the issues on Actonel. It is not the product risedronate. We believe 
Actonel is an excellent product. But once we can properly promote the product, I think you are going to begin to see 
growth in Actonel, be it the new product or the base Actonel business. There is nothing wrong with risedronate. So we 
expect to see some growth in the product, perhaps hopefully some in the third quarter and fourth quarter. 

As for the new product, I know we have gone back and forth with this. Some of the issue is that we have a 12-month 
extension on the trial. And we have been talking to FDA and what exact safety data they need to approve the product 
consistent with the PDUFA date or are we going to have to supplement it? What we are planning on basically is a 
six-month delay in launching in January. But, Marc, that is basically a dynamic situation. What we need to put into the 
file and as soon as we figure that out and we're talking with FDA, we'll let the market know. 

<Q - Marc Goodman>: But the 12 months ends in July? 

<A - Roger Boissonneault, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Pardon? 

<Q - Marc Goodman>: The 12 months ends when? 

<A - Roger Boissonneault, President and Chief Executive Officer>: The 12 months ends in July. 

<Q - Marc Goodman>: Right, okay. 

<A - Roger Boissonneault, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. So we should get a letter in July, which 
might require that we need to do -- supplement it with more safety data, because we actually have biopsy data coming 
in as we speak. So that would push it into -- if it is six months off of July, which we would expect, it would be a 
January 1. 

But the issue that we have is we're pretty ambivalent whether it is January -- you could argue the case either way 
because we have the sales force has to be trained and deployed. I would rather have them trained and deployed and 
fully operational on Actonel than the new product. But I do believe that Actonel is the best bisphosphonate in the 
marketplace. We just got to -- have to transfer that information. 


And I think your last question, is there an Asacol pediatric study? Yes, in fact, there is an Asacol pediatric study that is 
currently in place. That will be another six months. But that would be on a 400 milligram. 

<Q - Marc Goodman>: Right. Just to make sure, the inventory changes that you all mentioned, which were 
year-over-year, were there any major changes versus the end of the year as far as wholesaler pull-through, anything like 
that? Actonel is your key products? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yes. Marc, it's Paul. Yes, there 
were. I think that the ones that we will call out, call your attention to are particularly DORYX experienced a 
contraction. And the other would be Actonel. 

<Q - Marc Goodman>: Do you want to --? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: And you would take into 
consideration. 

<Q - Marc Goodman>: Did you want to help quantify those? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: No. 

<Q - Marc Goodman>: Okay. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Chris Schott of JPMorgan. 

<Q - Christopher Schott>: Great, thanks. My first question is just about your sales guidance of 2.9 to 2.95 billion. 
Looks like you did about 690 million in revenues if we exclude Dovonex and Taclonex this quarter. To get that sales 
range I guess we need to average a little bit less than 750 a quarter for the remaining part of the year. Can you just help 
us understand a little bit what drives that step-up in sales as we go through the rest of this year? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yes, sure. I mean you hit it on the 
head. That is how the math works out. We had in Q1 – recognize, we do not manage our business for quarters. We cut 
off on the day we just stop shipping, because on the day on which we can no longer recognize revenue under our 
revenue recognition policies; and it goes into the next quarter. So depending on where a quarter close falls, it can 
change your revenue realized in a quarter pretty -- I wouldn't say dramatically, but it can change it in a way that is 
meaningful. So that is first. But, yes, you hit it on the head. We would expect that for the year we are going to have 
Asacol provide some strength. Loestrin 24 provides some strength. Actonel sales as I just mentioned had some pipeline 
associated with it in Q1. DORYX had some pipeline associated with it in Q1. And that is how you get to the run rate. 

<A - Roger Boissonneault, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. And we're also looking – what Paul 
reports is our net sales versus gross sales. So part of this is the rebate that is associated with the use of cards, and Paul 
sort of went through this in saying that we have to reserve for that. But the issue is that, first, if you looked at Loestrin 
24, which is doing obviously a great job, we have for about 15% -- I guess 16% almost of new starts. And the card is 
used predominantly with the new-start patient. 

So we have a much higher concentration of use, the patients are starting on Loestrin 24, which would be a good fact 
and what Paul would term, call, a high-class problem. So we have higher utilization of cards right now, but that is 
going to pay off in the future. 

So when you look at some of those dynamics in the number, remember that is going from gross to net. I am a big fan of 
Rx's. I think you are better off with Rx's. It takes out the vagaries of stocking, de-stocking, and the use of these cards, 
and who is starting on the product and who is continuing on it. 


<Q - Christopher Schott>: Great. That's helpful. Thank you. The second question here is just you obviously made 
some changes to your Gastro/Derm force earlier this year. Are we at a point now that that field force is operating at 
kind of peak efficiency? As I mentioned there was a lot of new rep-physician relationships that had to be established 
there or do we need to give this another quarter or two until we're really optimally detailing out there? 

<A - Roger Boissonneault, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, I would give it at least a quarter. I hope it 
is not two quarters. The issue is we look at that -- you've got to be careful with numbers. When we say that like this -we 
were, whatever, at 13% of new starts, when you look at the dynamics of that -- remember we're calling on the 
gastro. And that is the important. That is where the starts are occurring and then the business as Paul – it moves off to 
the primary care physician. But when you look at share in gastro, we are like over 20% and this is our target audience. 
When you look at the dynamics of it, we have some reps that have converted 50% of the business and some reps that 
have not gotten really out of the box. 

So that's what we need to work on. And remember, that sales force is a hybrid sales force; in other words, there was 
some Warner Chilcott in there and then there was P&G brought into it, and we had to redeploy these sales reps over 
Derm/Gastro. So there is some movement going on there, and it is not at the operational strength of our GYN sales 
force. I wouldn't call that equivalent. There is some work that has to be done on that sales force. 

<Q - Christopher Schott>: Great. Thanks very much. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Randall Stanicky of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Randall Stanicky>: Great. Thanks for the questions. Just on Actonel outside of North America, it looks like it 
was down sequentially. Should we expect that to further erode into a 4Q generic launch? And then Paul, I know you've 
talked about the franchise out there being profitable still; at what point does the business outside of North America 
become not profitable relative to your internal projections? Then obviously I guess FX plays into that as well. 

<A - Roger Boissonneault, President and Chief Executive Officer>: As far as Actonel degradation and how it goes 
generic outside of the US, that's a complicated answer. Even in Canada it's complicated because we still have the 150 in 
the Province of Quebec. The 35 is still -- will still be okay as a branded product. When you get into Western Europe, 
the decay curves are completely different. The decay curve in Germany is completely different from Spain or Italy. So 
we try to model it the best that we can; but it will begin to drop, but it will go over a period of time. I turn it over to 
Paul. 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yes, Randall, I think Roger hit the 
main points. Yes, outside the US you should expect to see a continued decline in Actonel. Roger hit the high themes, 
which is, one, there is some degradation associated with the loss of exclusivity in Canada. 

Second is as we get into the fourth quarter, as we said during our prepared remarks, you would expect to see decrease 
there as well. As a practical matter, those franchises are not growing in any of those individual countries and have not 
been for a while as they got closer and closer to the loss of exclusivity. And before our ownership, PGP and Sanofi 
pulled back promotional resources to optimize the profits associated with it. So short answer is, yes, you should expect 
it to continue to decline. 

With respect to Western Europe, I have mentioned in a couple of the investor conferences where we presented that we 
have enough critical mass with Asacol, local brands, and the expected tail of Actonel, where we believe that we can 
sustain a profitable business in Western Europe as we look to add things to that business through either development, 
licensing, or straight acquisition on a market-by-market basis. So you can go down relatively low. We can survive the 
loss of exclusivity with Actonel and still have a profitable business outside the United States. That said, we are 
continuing to aggressively look for opportunities to leverage our infrastructure there. 


<Q - Randall Stanicky>: Okay. Thank you. I guess to that point, Roger, Paul, how would you prioritize the US versus 
Europe in terms of business development focus? 

<A - Roger Boissonneault, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, US has got to be the focus. And actually 
the base of our business, the profitability of our business, we're going to focus on the US first and then it's going to be 
Western Europe will be built over time. And actually we have the opportunity to actually invest in that growth through 
our US business. 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: I'd further that by saying they are 
not mutually exclusive. Investor – excuse me, business development activities outside of the US can continue on their 
own. We have – we are blessed with gaining several high-quality executives in the PGP acquisition who are connected 
in their individual markets as well as across the pan-European markets, where there are opportunities there. And they 
would tend to be smaller or fragmented opportunities than you'd see in the US. So if you gave us a choice, sure, we'd 
love to make a big acquisition in the US. 

That doesn't mean that we will turn away from opportunities that present themselves in Europe. I will say business 
development activity – we've said this many times in the past – it's a lot easier to talk about it than it is to actually find 
and do a deal. I think you can see that in the history of this Company as we've gone for periods of times, people say, do 
a deal, do a deal. We want to do the right deals. It takes a while to do the right deals. 

And I am going to speak specifically about Western Europe. P&G built that business in Western Europe on the back of 
acquisitions, and they were pretty good at it. The team was good at it. And then P&G stopped. So we've got to kind of 
re-prime the pump and get back into that game in Western Europe. With respect to the rest of the world, the increased 
scale that this deal – that this PGP acquisition gave us is enabling us to look at a broader range of opportunities. 

<A - Roger Boissonneault, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes and you've got to remember that Tony 
Bruno, who runs our business development group is not in isolation of this. So it's not like they are off independently. It 
still goes back to Tony. And whatever Tony does in the US, he looks over it as a global operation, and where do we do 
the best acquisition. So you're right, they are not mutually exclusive, but they have to be weighted against each other. 
And the same guy that did the P&G deal is looking over Western Europe. 

<Q - Randall Stanicky>: Okay, great. Thanks, guys. 

<A - Roger Boissonneault, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Randall. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from David Buck of Buckingham Research. Please go ahead. 

<Q - David Buck>: Yes, thanks. A couple of questions. First for Roger, I guess if we look at the new Actonel strategy, 
obviously, the dosing is part of the switch strategy or the launch strategy, but can you talk about whether you're 
planning any price increases on Actonel near term, and what role does DTC have in the marketing plans? Then just a 
follow-up for Paul. Thanks. 

<A - Roger Boissonneault, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I guess you're talking about the new Actonel 
and we have seen actually – there were some – as a result of the meeting on the poster we saw some of the – there were 
reprints went out and people got an idea of what's going on. And the opportunity here is to dose the product with a 
meal. But that doesn't mean that Actonel on itself – risedronate doesn't have a powerful message associated with the 
benefits of using risedronate, the base chemical entity. And I would rather you focus on the fact that that sales force is 
being upgraded, we could say, at the very least, and we only have at this point 120 sales reps promoting Actonel and 
that will be moved up to a full strength of 400, so we can get the benefits of Actonel out there. 

As far as DTC, I don't think that's the game with Actonel. I don't know, did Sally Fields do that well for Boniva? They 
still have a relatively lower market share. And do we get the spokesperson? Basically, it's done at the territory level. 
And again, I say that – if you look at some territories, Actonel has the highest market share of any of the 


bisphosphonates. The thing is we've got to spread that around to more of the sales territories because the selling 
proposition for risedronate is it is a superior – it is bisphosphonate, its ability to penetrate the bone is unmatched by 
other bisphosphonates, so we've got to get that out into the field. And that's the message. 

<Q - David Buck>: And just on pricing, is there any effort to bring the price point of old Actonel up before the new 
one comes out? 

<A - Roger Boissonneault, President and Chief Executive Officer>: No, I wouldn't say that that would be our 
strategy. 

<Q - David Buck>: Okay. And just for Paul, you talked a little bit about what the core SG&A was – or core G&A 
versus what you reported. And it looks like it's about $47 million. Should we be looking at that as sort of the cost 
avoidance that you could have next year? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yes, David, I'm not sure how you 
got to the 47. I'll just run through real quick for you and for all else how we are looking at it for now. Within G&A we 
reported about $121 million of total G&A reported. That included 12.5 million of severance. That included $11.5 
million of consulting and other external costs solely associated with the integration of the PGP business that is kind of a 
consulting cost that should go away when you're done. And the last was this $22.8 million in the TSA, giving me a core 
G&A now in the quarter of about $74.5 million. 

<Q - David Buck>: So the differential between 121 and 74 is what we shouldn't be expecting to be ongoing. Is that 
fair? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, yeah, with one caveat, that 
core G&A number, let's call it 75. It is really – that's a nice round number. 

<Q - David Buck>: Yep. 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: That core number was $75 million. 
The question is, do you have some additional infrastructure to build out that will be necessary when the integration is 
complete? So yeah, I mean if we were pretty much done right now, yeah, that would be the core G&A. I would submit 
it's end of the first quarter, we're not done. 

<Q - David Buck>: Okay. And just finally, the tax rate increase you talked about in the guidance, how much of that 
flows through into upcoming years? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: It's really related to the tax treatment 
of as I said some of these co-promotion agreements. And to the extent that those agreements continue on, it will 
continue to have an impact. Very important, as I said, not a fundamental change in how we view our tax structure and 
our ability to maintain that tax structure. Really a result of changes in existing agreements that are taxed in a different 
way, that result in us paying more taxes in the US. 

<Q - David Buck>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Thanks, David. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Gary Nachman of Leerink Swann. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Gary Nachman>: Hi, good morning. Paul, a couple more on the SG&A. For the selling and marketing costs, how 
should we think about the net impact on profitability from the restructuring of the Sanofi co-promote? Because you 
have lower payments going out to them, but you are increasing your sales force to make up for it. Then I know it is 
early days, but are you expecting more G&A type synergies sooner rather than later? Can you give us maybe a little bit 
more of a window into that? 


<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, let me start with the G&A 
because – I'm just going to stick with what we said last quarter. I think by the time we get to Q3 results or when we're 
in Q4, we'll have a real good look at what we expect the normalized level of core G&A to be as we go forward. And as 
I said, we will continue to call out all of these items so that you can follow along. This quarter it's, call it, $75 million 
and then next quarter that will be a number. And that's the piece that you should look at as continuing on and that will 
find its home and level by say Q4 this year. But we will have a pretty good look at it probably in the context of our Q3 
call. 

With respect to the restructuring of the Sanofi agreement, what we had stated for 2010 was that we expected it to be 
neutral. Because you hit it on the head – we expect that the amount that we pay out to Sanofi will decline with respect 
to the US and Puerto Rican pieces. But we also have the requirement that we build some of those resources inside to 
support not just the current version of Actonel, but the new version of Actonel when and if we get the opportunity to 
launch that. So for this year, as that has gone down, we would expect that there are other offsetting costs associated 
with bringing 100% of the responsibility in under the Warner Chilcott banner. 

<A - Roger Boissonneault, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. Gary, for the avoidance of doubt, you 
said something of bringing the sales force size up. Remember when we started off here, there were two sales forces, 
Sanofi sales force and a P&G sales force, both at 400 because they were mirrored sales forces. So you had two reps 
calling on the same doc. All right? 

So out of that original 800, right now we're down to 120. So we've taken the duplication of it out. To sort of visualize, 
instead of having two average analysts call on a physician, we are going to have one great analyst call on that 
physician. So the number that you're looking for, when we're saying we are building it back up, we're going to build it 
up to 400, but it's going to be a one-on-one call rather than a two-on-one call. Okay? 

<Q - Gary Nachman>: Yeah, that color is helpful. And Roger, when you do ramp up back to that 400, how else will 
you leverage those guys now that they are your own? Are some other products potentially going to benefit as you go 
into primary care with your own guys? 

<A - Roger Boissonneault, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Here is the other side of that issue. The talk is, 
we like focus and we think that the value of Actonel at this point takes all their focus. In other words, we got to turn 
this thing around, and we want to bring this thing back to a growth pattern. And before we begin leveraging these guys, 
we want to make sure that they can execute on Actonel. So that's going to be priority one, before we get into any 
leverage position. They do have some responsibility on Enablex against primary care. But let's first – I always like to 
see them execute first before we try to leverage them. Okay? 

<Q - Gary Nachman>: Yes. And then Paul, on Asacol, the conversion to HD is actually starting to improve nicely. 
Are you seeing the benefit in terms of the value per prescription for the HD versus the original? I think previous calls 
you said assume about a 25% bump up. Is that consistent? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, we're seeing the economic 
value of an HD script is greater than what you're seeing with the 400. And we are somewhat pleased with the -- at least 
the continued trajectory of the Asacol HD as a percent of the overall franchise. So it is moving in the right direction. I 
think that Carl Reichel and his team now have their marching orders and have done a good job to get started. But we 
really just got started with that after the first of the year, and we are going to watch that carefully. Because yes, the 
economic value of those HD scripts is, as we expected, greater than what it was for a 400. 

<Q - Gary Nachman>: Okay. Then lastly, Roger, just another one on the new form of Actonel. You said you have 
some biopsy data coming in now. Should we think of this as just typical stuff for the class? Or is there something 
unique with this product because it has the chelating agent in it? Or is it really just more procedural, just checking 
boxes? Thanks. 

<A - Roger Boissonneault, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, yeah, we believe it is more checking. The 
chelating agent has been generally accepted as safe. We don't think there are issues around that. But as far as the FDA 


and checking boxes, I think you characterized it correctly. We don't expect there to be any surprises. We believe this to 
be a safe product. It has been used, actually in much higher doses in osteoarthritis in some clinical studies. So we 
believe we are well within the safety profile. But we have got to check every box. 

<Q - Gary Nachman>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from David Risinger of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 

<Q - David Risinger>: Thanks very much. I appreciate it. Paul, I was hoping you could sort of walk us backward up 
the income statement. And then I had a couple of other questions. So with respect to the $0.88, can you just tell us what 
the figures would be in terms of going up to pre-tax income, so what the tax dollars and tax rate would be, what the 
pre-tax income is, operating income? Just so that I make sure that when I am looking at the income statement I have the 
right dollar figures to get to the $0.88. 

And then a couple of other questions, first, with respect to the Actonel DR product, have you seen any difference in 
side effects between that product and the existing Actonel to date? Then my final question is with respect to Actonel, 
could you just review what percentage of scripts currently are the once-monthly, and what your detailing plans are 
going forward with respect to the once-monthly? Thanks. 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Sure, David; it's Paul. I think if you 
-- in the press release where you have the income statement it walks through from getting from GAAP up to the $0.88. 
Was there a specific question about how to get there? I am not sure I understand. 

<Q - David Risinger>: I apologize. I just didn't quite -- I wasn't able to get to the right -- or I wasn't quite sure what the 
pre-tax income was and what the tax figure was that yielded the $0.88 per share. 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, just it would we'd start with 
your basic net income, which was a loss in the quarter, about $17 million. And then the reconciliation there is we take 
those two items that we always add back -- amortization after tax and amortization of intangibles after tax and the 
amortization of deferred loan costs after tax. And that gets you to the 154. If you want to go back into a tax number you 
could take the delta between those two items. It is about 10% of those two items, and say that's the tax provision 
associated with that. Then there is the write-off of the fair value of the acquired inventories of 93. And we take the gain 
out on the LEO stuff, and that's how you get to the 223 to get to $0.88. 

I will say the peculiarity here is we have a company that we had a modest book loss, and so the net result of that is that 
we have a provision in Q1 that as is appropriate under GAAP is a benefit. And that benefit does indeed turn around, 
that's what part of our guidance is we're trying to tell you what we think the aggregate tax provision, tax expense, will 
be for the year. In the first quarter, it was indeed a book benefit. And then I suppose you could take those items that you 
add back to arrive at cash net income and adjusted cash net income. You could come up with the tax effect of that. If 
you want, after the call please give me a call and I will actually walk through the calcs with you on that one. 

<Q - David Risinger>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Okay. The next question, Roger, 
was with respect to Actonel and safety. 

<A - Roger Boissonneault, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, Actonel and the side effect, what as you 
called the delayed release, and don't assume anything on the trademark. The side effect profile -- actually there is an 
abstract out there in the marketplace that deals with that. I mean if you looked at the side effect profile you could see 
they are not significantly different, taking the product once a day, taking the product before breakfast, or taking the new 
formulation which was the existing product, and taking the new formulation with a meal. You'll see some GI side 
effects along the way which are associated with bisphosphonates. But the differences amongst – it is not a real high 
incidence, but the differences amongst the different dosage form, be that the 5 milligram, be that the 35 milligram, 


current product, or the delayed release product, there are no significant differences in side effects. Obviously, the big 
issue here is convenience. 

And you asked the question about what is the breakdown, once a month versus weekly? Right now I think once a 
month has gone ahead of weekly in existing prescriptions. But that is because once a month was being promoted to the 
exclusion of weekly. The dynamics of this marketplace, we will bring back Actonel weekly product to promotion. The 
issue that we have here is the reason that they want the once a month is not a compliance story. 

It is a fact that you can't eat or drink anything other than water three minutes before and in the case of Fosamax, 60 
minutes before you take the product, or even Boniva. So to avoid this sort of fasting situation, you take it and you can 
fast only once a month versus once a week. But the issue is that that patient doesn't fast, and our market research 
indicates that 30% of patients don't fast. You've lost the whole dose for a month. We also think that taking the product 
weekly probably is easier to remember than trying to remember once a month. And if indeed you ate something during 
that week, you're not going to be off med for a month; you're only going to be off the med for a week. So we don't 
really see a great benefit really when you look at the patient and taking it once a month, other than the fact that they 
have got to remember to fast once a month, which in a lot of cases they don't. So whatever the patient prefers or the 
patient and physician prefer, if they want to take once a month or weekly, we really – I know it is really up to the 
patient, it is really up to the physician. However, with the new dosage form there will be no fasting required. 

<Q - David Risinger>: Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Elliot Wilbur of Needham & Company. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Elliot Wilbur>: Thank you. Good morning. Just a quick question for Paul regarding the adjusted cash EPS 
guidance. Just wanted to confirm that that does in fact include the $20 million milestone payment and also does include 
the small distribution margin on the LEO products? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. Elliott, yes, the $20 million is 
the payment that we're making to Dong-A is – will be in R&D expense. We are not adding it back, so but it is included 
in that, in our guidance range for our R&D expense. So yes, that is reflective of the $20 million. And the second piece 
was what? 

<Q - Elliot Wilbur>: Just want to confirm that it doesn't look like the small distribution margin earned on the products. 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. It is... 

<Q - Elliot Wilbur>: Transition of LEO is still... 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yes, it is still negligible, Elliott. 

<Q - Elliot Wilbur>: Right. 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yes. 

<Q - Elliot Wilbur>: Okay. Then a question for Roger or yourself. You guys recently filed a Citizen's Petition on 
Asacol. And it's obviously still somewhat early. Just curious if you have had any interaction with the FDA after the 
filing of that. If I am not mistaken, I think many, many years ago that P&G itself had also filed a Citizen's Petition 
around bioequivalence protocols. And I am just wondering if in fact that CP is still outstanding and how the two may 
differ? 

<A - Roger Boissonneault, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Elliott, it's Roger. I wouldn't relate the two. I 
mean we have a different environment right now. And the fact is, you don't hear anything until after that six-month 
period. And as you are well aware, when you are notified of FDA's position on the CP, sometimes you get it. 
Sometimes you do, you get a definitive opinion and sometimes you still don't know where you stand. You win some 


and you lose a couple points. But we have had no contact with FDA on the CP. 

<Q - Elliot Wilbur>: Okay. Fair enough. Then one last question for Roger. I guess the big surprise with Actonel 
maybe has been the rate of increase or the intensification of the deceleration over the past couple quarters. Obviously 
that may be just solely due to sales force distraction and the transition and the like. But just wondering if there has been 
anything, in terms of major structural changes on the managed-care side in any of the larger formularies that might 
have contributed to that, along with some of the transition issues. And then previously, you had talked about the 
possibility of maybe implementing some sort of discount card program to help offset or stabilize the product. Just 
wondering what your current thinking is on that? 

<A - Roger Boissonneault, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, I mean, if you looked at it and you looked 
at it on the share basis – or you see it going down, but it seems like there is somewhat of a contraction of use because if 
you look at the overall share there is not that much of a change because Fosamax, or generic Fosamax, is still about 
50% of the business. And that's about where it was a year ago. And sort of Boniva is in its sort of space. You need 
somebody out there leading the charge. And that's what we intend to do. But you have got to remember, Elliot, that we 
have gone basically from 800 people responsible for this product to now 120. We have got to start acting like the 
market leader here. And we should be the market leader here. In fact, we have the best product. That's kind of 
interesting that the first product in the marketplace still has a 50% share. If you look at statins or beta-blockers or any 
other category, that's kind of an odd metric. So we have got to sort of put our Lipitor hats back on here and grow the 
product. There is nothing wrong with this product. We are impressed by it and we're going to put promotion behind it. 

<Q - Elliot Wilbur>: Okay. Then just color as to your thinking on potentially having a little bit more aggressive on the 
pricing side in terms of patient assistance programs or discount card programs? 

<A - Roger Boissonneault, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, once we put the card in place that's our 
patient assistance program. So basically -- if you look at the value of these cards and -- for Loestrin, it is $24; for 
Asacol, it is $50; and we think those are very affordable products. 

<Q - Elliot Wilbur>: All right. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from John Newman of Oppenheimer. Please go ahead. 

<Q - John Newman>: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking the question. I just wondered if you could give us a rough estimate, 
I know that you talked about the royalty payment to Sanofi being lower in the second quarter versus first, but if you 
could give us just a rough estimate as to, sort of a percentage or a range. And then in terms of the Asacol HD launch, 
just curious if you comment on what's happening on the East Coast, specifically in New York, since that seems to be 
sort of a leading indicator for the rest of the country? And a final question is on Actonel in Europe. Is there anything 
that you can do in Europe ahead of a generic launch that can give you sort of a longer tail in terms of the erosion there? 
Thanks. 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yes, with respect to the question 
about how should you think about the percentage that's paid out to Sanofi, pre the restructuring I think we guided it that 
you could estimate the overall payment to Sanofi, the global payment, as kind of a low 40%-ish number of net sales of 
total revenue from Actonel. Obviously, I think we said with this restructuring that number will decline. We're not going 
to provide a specific point estimate as to what it will be, but it certainly is less than that. 

<Q - John Newman>: Okay. 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: The East Coast? 

<A - Roger Boissonneault, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, yes, John, you've pointed out the New 
York metro as being indicative of the rest of the country. That hits close to home because my daughter is responsible 
for the New York metro in Asacol HD. She would argue with you whether that is representative of the rest of the 


country. She thinks she works a lot harder than anybody else. But we do better in some territories than others , but it's 
the usual -- if we have got a -- we are doing quite well in some areas of New York, and not as well -- and that is more 
related to the execution on the part of the sales rep. And she reminds me that she actually puts food on the table for the 
rest of the family, so she is very incentivized to do well with Asacol HD. John, what was the third? 

<Q - John Newman>: The third question was in terms of the potential or in terms of the erosion that is coming up for 
Actonel in Europe because of the generic, I'm just wondering, are there things that you can do that are little bit different 
than the United States to slow that erosion down? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: What's interesting is over the course 
of the last several years -- and this started while PGP and Procter & Gamble was still running the business and Hans 
van Zoonen, who continues to run that business for us, looked at this going back say 24 months ago. And you look at it 
market by market, in those markets where you are able to retain a larger part of the business, more units, had a slightly 
lesser price or a lesser price, those markets you tend to keep your foot on the gas promotion-wise until -- right up until 
the loss of exclusivity, because your degradation starts from that higher point. 

In those markets where it's similar to the US and goes to heck in a handcart, you pull back more dramatically earlier in 
order to just maximize the value of that revenue stream. So in some of the markets, you continue to promote right up 
through loss of exclusivity; and then after loss of exclusivity, you continue to promote because you can maintain units, 
albeit at a lesser price. 

<Q - John Newman>: Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Gregg Gilbert of Bank of America. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Gregg Gilbert>: Thanks, good morning. Roger, I hear what you're saying about the weekly versus monthly on 
Actonel. But that being said, what can you tell us about your lifecycle management plans for the monthly, given that it 
is likely to remain an important part of total sales? 

<A - Roger Boissonneault, President and Chief Executive Officer>: No, I think, Gregg, what I am trying to point 
out here -- the only reason why you have a monthly dose or you space these doses is because of compliance issues. And 
you have to fast before you take the bisphosphonates here, in this case risedronate. So our issue here is if you eliminate 
the fact that you have to fast, you could in fact take this -- the easiest medication to take really is ones you take every 
day. And there is no fasting requirement. But this was developed as a weekly product, so there really is no advantage 
over taking a product monthly to taking a product weekly. And we do know through the market research, patients tend 
to be linear. What they do is they don't eat as much. All you have to do is put some milk in your coffee and you have 
blocked the absorption that bisphosphonate. 

I think the other issue that we will address is that the physician has to take some time to explain how to take a 
bisphosphonate to the patient. And that will save significant time for their physician so they won't have to talk about the 
fasting requirements when taking a bisphosphonate. So we believe there are some significant advantages associated 
with the new product. 

<Q - Gregg Gilbert>: Sure. But that being said, are you just going to let the monthly product run its course in court 
and/or settle it and then not follow up with another version? 

<A - Roger Boissonneault, President and Chief Executive Officer>: We're not going to try to disrupt the apple cart. 
It will be not – the focus of our promotion. If the clinician's happy and the patient's happy, you're not going to step in 
front of that. All right? 

<Q - Gregg Gilbert>: Okay. 


<A - Roger Boissonneault, President and Chief Executive Officer>: They may not know any better, but again, 
you're not going to step in front of it. But I believe that you are going to see – your new starts are going to be with a 
product that has this dosing convenience. It is just inescapable, the advantage. 

<Q - Gregg Gilbert>: Okay. Paul, in the new world or newer world of loyalty cards and other programs and throw 
reform in there, what portion of your list price increases going forward can we expect you to realize on your key 
products? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yes, Gregg, it varies by product. I 
would say for example with respect to utilization and the rebates – or excuse me, the payments we make out on the 
cards for DORYX tend to be significantly higher than what we see with respect to Loestrin 24, which I mentioned was 
kind of $12 on a normalized basis for Loestrin 24. So it's hard to say. If you have a large percentage of your Rx's that 
are being filled with a card, you're not going to get very much benefit associated with a price increase because you're 
basically just going to increase the amount of the rebate by a similar amount. 

Now, we have not reported specifically and not going to report specifically the percentage of Rx's that are filled with a 
card. But I have said in the past and will continue to say, with DORYX it's a high percentage. It is a lesser percentage 
for Loestrin 24. And with HD, it is early days and so we haven't really developed a longer-term point of view on that. 
But to the extent that you have cards, like I have used DORYX as an example. With DORYX, if you take a price 
increase, the benefit of that price increase is not as great as it is for a product without a card or with a lesser utilization 
like for example Loestrin versus DORYX. Does that help, Gregg? 

<Q - Gregg Gilbert>: Yes, it does. It sounds like you still think there is net pricing power going forward, but less than 
in the past. 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: That is correct. It's a different – this 
is a different world for us than three, four years ago before we had significant programs, card programs out there. 

<Q - Gregg Gilbert>: Sure. Then lastly, a high-level question for both of you. Other than just practical issues like 
funding, are there any other limitations to how big you would like your US business to be? We know you like to run a 
tight ship and, Roger, you mentioned the work focus before. But given the financial advantages you have and the tax 
rate arbitrage opportunity, is there a practical limitation to how large you would want that business to be, once you get 
the P&G stuff in good stead? 

<A - Roger Boissonneault, President and Chief Executive Officer>: It's a good question, but it's like this. 
Remember, we came from Warner and we were trained there and one of the advantages is that you get a drug like 
Lipitor, how do you know? Executionally, what size we can grow this business? I think we are comfortable running 
larger businesses. I think the opportunity that we have here and the management team that we have here – be it Carl 
Reichel, Tony Bruno, Izumi Hara, you name it – have all run much larger businesses. And I think that's perhaps one of 
the intrinsic advantages of the growth of Warner Chilcott. We have added Hans van Zoonen in Europe from a PGP's 
perspective. We have an excellent management team that can run a much larger platform. 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yes, and let me jump in on that as 
well. I think that our business in the US, it's interesting. You think about the PGP acquisition and what it is taking us to 
integrate that business into our business. If PGP had been solely a US, Puerto Rican, and Canadian business, we would 
be substantially, if not totally, complete with the integration portion of that acquisition today, today in early May, as 
compared with the Western European piece which is going to take us, take us a bit more time. So back to what Roger 
said, we would have the capacity in the US to continue to, well, acquire and grow and do other things on our US 
business without straining the infrastructure and our ability to integrate in the US, in Canada, in Puerto Rico – I will put 
Canada in that same category. 

Once we get through 2010, it will be our hope that we will have that same ability to leverage our business and add 
additional pieces of business in Western Europe. We're just not there yet. And then lastly, on that Western European 
piece, Roger touched on Hans van Zoonen. What we also got was we have sort of where we're building into relatively 
autonomous business units in each of the major countries of Western Europe, where we were fortunate to get some 


solid, solid people in the PGP acquisition. The folks that we acquired in Western Europe, I say acquired -- people who 
were part of the acquisition tended to look a lot like us -- entrepreneurial, know how to run a tight ship, know how to 
build a business. And we are excited about that. And once we give them the backbone infrastructure, meanings mainly 
systems and some additional human infrastructure, those businesses will be in a position where they could grow as 
well. 

<Q - Gregg Gilbert>: Thank you. 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Michael Tong with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Michael Tong>: Hi, good morning. On DORYX, Roger, what is your long-term objective for DORYX in terms 
of life cycle management? And when can you provide some visibility along that line? 

<A - Roger Boissonneault, President and Chief Executive Officer>: We have been sort of cryptic on DORYX 
because as we move it along we have – internally, we have several fronts that we're working on it. We've -unfortunately, 
most recently we've had some softness because of focus issues, just focus issues. Because we've moved 
people around, we've moved them out of their territories, and they picked up GIs and lost some derms. And any time 
you lose that type of focus, you lose some of the initiative. Trying to get that straightened out, and I think that we will 
get that with the benefit of time. But we've got -- we do -- we love Doxycycline and we think it is a great drug. We 
don't think it has been fully optimized because I think, like some of these older antibiotics, and I look at an older 
antibiotic and I said well, if it's an old -- is there really -- we haven't done proper dose ranging. Are there other 
indications that we can talk about? How can we more fully develop that product? I think it has a lot of advantages and 
we actually spend a lot of time here figuring out what we can do, the future for Doxycycline. It might even be beyond 
acne. And I think that's how you should look at it. Are we going to come up and have an R&D day and show you all 
what we're doing with Doxy? Unfortunately, probably not. And when if we did, you probably wouldn't give us full 
credit anyway. 

<Q - Michael Tong>: If I recall a while back you have -- you were developing a novel antibiotic. Can you tell us 
whether that's still in the cards and where it might be if it still is in the cards? 

<A - Roger Boissonneault, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, now, that's a collaboration with Paratak. 
And I believe that product is going to be in [Mann] this year, so yes it is progressing. And we have -- I should point out 
to you we've added Mahdi Fawzi to the organization who comes to us from Wyeth. He did all of Wyeth's preclinical 
work in early phase development. And Mahdi has taken that on, and he is an important addition to our organization 
with his experience. He also has, interestingly enough, he has P&G DNA and Warner-Lambert DNA, which is 
important. So he actually worked on the bisphosphonates early on and then actually worked on Lipitor when he was at 
Warner-Lambert. Then he was off to Wyeth, and now he is home. So, proud to have Mahdi with us. 

<Q - Michael Tong>: Okay, great. And then a couple of questions for Paul. Just confirmation questions. First one is 
just want to confirm that the higher EBTA tax rate does not change your marginal tax rate for amortization and deferred 
financing costs. And then secondly, your SG&A guidance for the year, does it include or exclude the severance and the 
consulting costs? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yes, start with the consulting costs 
and the severance, yes, our guidance includes those items. It includes our expectations for the continued payments of 
the transition services agreement with PGP, severance, and all consulting costs associated with the integration. And 
then on the income tax side -- I'm sorry? 

<Q - Michael Tong>: Yes, whether the higher tax rate that you are guiding to now, does that affect your marginal tax 
rate for amortization and financing cost add-back? 


<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: No, no. The answer is, no, it does 
not. I mean those are discrete items where you just look at them, and they have very specific tax rates associated with 
them. I think they were both roughly in the neighborhood of 9% for this quarter, and you would expect them to be 
relatively the same as we go forward. 

<Q - Michael Tong>: Great, thank you. 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

And I'm showing no further questions at this time. 

Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Great. With that – it's Paul speaking. Thanks, everybody for participating in our call. We will look forward to talking to 
you again when we report our second quarter results. Thank you. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference. You may all disconnect and have a wonderful day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2010, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


