Q4 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Paul S. Herendeen, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial and Accounting Officer 
• Roger M. Boissonneault, President and Chief Executive Officer 
Other Participants 

• James Dawson 
• John Boris 
• Louise Chen 
• Chris Schott 
• Gary Nachman 
• Marc Goodman 
• Michael Tong 
• Gregg Gilbert 
• Scott Henry 
• William Tanner 
• David Buck 
• Shibani Malhotra 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Warner Chilcott Announces Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2010 
Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a 
question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's 
conference call is being recorded. 

I'd now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief 
Financial Officer. Please go ahead. 

Paul S. Herendeen, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial and Accounting 
Officer 

Thank you, Ally. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining the call. Earlier this morning, we issued a press 
release that details our fourth quarter and full year 2010 results. And hopefully, you've had a chance to review that. 
Copies of that press release are available on our website. 

Roger and I will take a few minutes to give a general business overview and briefly review fourth quarter 2010 
financial results which will be followed by a Q&A period. As I talk about our financial results, I'll focus on the fourth 
quarter and will try to call on items that may be helpful to you as you think about our go-forward prospects. 

Before doing that, let me point out that this call will include forward-looking statements. These statements are subject 
to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause the company's actual results to differ materially from such 


statements. These risks and uncertainties are discussed in our 2010 Form 10-K which we will file later today and you 
can expect that to be available on the SEC's website. The forward-looking statements made during this call are made 
only as of the date of this call and the company undertakes no obligation to update such statements to reflect 
subsequent events or circumstances. 

In addition, we may – and we will make reference during the course of the call to some non-GAAP financial measures 
as defined by SEC regulations. In accordance with these regulations, we have provided reconciliations of these 
measures in our press release issued this morning to what we believe are the most directly comparable GAAP 
measures. 

With that, let me turn things over to Roger Boissonneault, our President and CEO. 

Roger M. Boissonneault, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Paul. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us. I'll provide a brief business update before turning it 
back to Paul, who will provide highlights of our fourth quarter and full year 2010 financial results. 

Last week, we issued our 2011 financial guidance. During that call, we discussed the many accomplishments of the 
company during 2010. I will just reiterate a few of those and then discuss the current programs related to the two new 
products we launched in January. 

In 2010, we were pleased to have three NDAs approved. We received FDA approval for ATELVIA, our next 
generation ACTONEL product for osteoporosis; LO LOESTRIN, a novel oral contraceptive; and WC 3026, another 
oral contraceptive that we licensed to Watson. 

Although, ATELVIA was in the research pipeline that we acquired from the P&G pharmaceutical business, the 
approval of ATELVIA was the result of dedicated R&D efforts here at Warner Chilcott. Furthermore, both LO 
LOESTRIN and WC 3026 are the result of internal R&D projects. Our internal development work has resulted in the 
approval of four oral contraceptive products in U.S. over the past seven years. 

Also in 2010, we acquired full operational control over the promotional, marketing and research development decisions 
for ACTONEL and ATELVIA in the U.S., as well U.S. rights to ENABLEX. These transactions solidified our ability 
to shape our growth and profitability on our own terms. After each of these transactions, we reevaluated the size and 
structure of our sales force and ultimately decided to add a number of new sales representatives and district sales 
managers. By recruiting, training and retaining high quality sales representatives, we enhance our ability to promote 
our portfolio of brands by developing and maintaining enduring relationships with physicians. Today, we are 
developing sales teams dedicated to each of our target therapeutic categories: women's healthcare, gastroenterology, 
dermatology and urology. 

In August of 2010, we raised $2.25 billion in debt to pay an $8.50 per share special dividend to our shareholders in 
September. The payment of the dividend provided a way for us to give value back to all of our shareholders. 

Turning to our new products, the promotional launch of ATELVIA occurred in early January and has been supported 
by a DTC-PRO campaign that began in early February. ATELVIA's unique delayed-release formulation enables it to be 
taken after breakfast without compromising efficacy. We believe that dosing convenience with ATELVIA will set us 
apart from other oral bisphosphonates available in the market and provide us the opportunity to gain share of this 
attractive segment of the U.S. pharmaceutical market in the coming years. 

Our primary care, or PCP, sales force has promotional responsibility for ATELVIA and their sales incentive 
compensation is based largely on their ability to drive ATELVIA's share in the market. With only a few weeks of 
prescriptions data available, it's still a little too early to be predicting long-term trends. However, you can rest assured 
that we're tracking execution of this product launch closely. As we noted on the last week's call, we believe ATELVIA 
will be a strong contributor to our total revenue in 2011. 


With LO LOESTRIN, we have added a complementary product to our current OC franchise anchored by LOESTRIN 

24. LOESTRIN 24 is now the most prescribed oral contraceptive in the U.S. based on IMS data. LO LOESTRIN offers 
the lowest dose of estrogen in oral contraceptives, 10 micrograms. As with ATELVIA, it is still early in the launch of 
LO LOESTRIN to begin to make comments about the execution of our promotional efforts. But we continue to invest 
in the LOESTRIN franchise and believe in its growth prospects for 2011. 
We have started to see the impact of loss of exclusivity of ACTONEL in Western Europe, which began in December of 
2010. ACTONEL is our most significant product within and outside of North America from a revenue standpoint. We 
know that the impact of loss of exclusivity for ACTONEL varies by country across Western Europe and we expect that 
we will see revenues decline more gradually in some countries compared to others. 

Before I turn things over to Paul, let me also mention a few items related to our R&D programs. We continually review 
and prioritize our R&D programs. Ongoing programs include the final requirements of the Phase III study for our 
orally administered udenafil product for the treatment erectile dysfunction. This is the product we launched not long – 
licensed from Dong-A. If all goes well, we hope to be in a position to file an NDA in early 2012. 

We also have ongoing projects covering essentially all of our key promoted brands and we continue to explore 
opportunities to add more R&D projects to our pipeline through internal development, acquisitions and licensing 
agreements. 

Now let me turn things back to Paul and take you through the fourth quarter and year-end financial results. 

Paul S. Herendeen, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial and Accounting 
Officer 

Thank you, Roger. I'll try to be very brief so we get right to the Q&A but there are some things that I'd like to cover. 
Before I start, just a reminder, the timing of the PGP acquisition impacts our period-over-period comparisons as our 
fourth quarter and full year 2010 financials include the results of PGP business we acquired at the end of October of 
'09, while our fourth quarter of '09 and the full year financials only include two months of PGP results. 

Let's turn to the results. Our fourth quarter 2010 revenue was $694 million compared to $686 million in the fourth 
quarter of '09. The primary drivers of the increase for the performance were the acquired PGP products, principally 
ASACOL, and the acquisition of the U.S. rights to ENABLEX, which occurred on October 18th of 2010. 

That was offset in part by lost revenues from the – in their reported results from DOVONEX and TACLONEX 
aggregating $82 million in Q4 of '09. As you may recall, even though the LEO transaction closed and when we sold 
those rights back to LEO in September of '09, we did enter into a distribution agreement with them under which we 
purchased inventories of DOVONEX and TACLONEX and distributed them in the U.S. until June 30th of 2010 at 
nominal distributor margins. As a result, our net sales in the fourth quarter of '09 included net sales of DOVONEX and 
TACLONEX, but our net sales of fourth quarter of '10 did not. 

I'll start by reviewing women's healthcare. Total revenues within the ACTONEL, ATELVIA franchise were $239 
million in the fourth quarter compared with $222 million in the fourth quarter of '09. You'll note that this includes just 
over $5 million related to ATELVIA in the fourth quarter which related to a small initial load-in to the trade. 

ACTONEL continued to face market share declines due to the impact of managed care initiatives encouraging the use 
of generic versions of Fosamax as well as an overall decline in the U.S. oral bisphosphonate market. Field prescriptions 
for ACTONEL in the U.S. declined 28% in the fourth quarter of '09 – excuse me, of '10 compared to the prior year 
quarter. 

As we have noted in the past, most recently on our guidance call, we believe that the launch of ATELVIA will enable 
us to first slow and ultimately offset the market share losses of ACTONEL as ATELVIA gains traction in the U.S. 
market. 


We also began to feel the impact of the loss of exclusivity of ACTONEL in Canada in early 2010 and in Western 
Europe in Q4. ACTONEL revenue was $136 million in North America, which included $119 million in the U.S., $16 
million in Canada and $98 million outside of North America, including Western Europe. 

Net sales of our OCs increased $14 million or about 15% this quarter versus the fourth quarter of '09 and were driven 
by sales of LOESTRIN 24. As Roger mentioned, we're pleased with LOESTRIN 24's current leadership position in the 
OC market. LOESTRIN 24 contributed $90 million of net sales in the quarter, up 24% over the prior year quarter, due 
primarily to a 46% increase in filled prescriptions as well as higher average selling prices. 

The increase was offset in part by the impact of higher sales related deductions primarily to the increased utilization of 
the loyalty card program we launched in Q1 of '09 for LOESTRIN 24. And then the second item would be what I refer 
to on the Q3 call as a derivative impact of healthcare reform on gross to net sales from RXs filled under managed 
Medicaid plans. As discussed on last week's 2011 guidance call, we made changes to the LOESTRIN loyalty card 
program at the start of 2011, which we believe will have a positive impact on both our net sales per prescription as well 
as overall net sales of LOESTRIN 24. 

A quick note in our Hormone Replacement Therapy area, ESTRACE Cream grew 10% from $34 million in the prior 
year quarter to $37 million in the fourth quarter of '10. I point this out because it might not seem like a big deal, but 
ESTRACE Cream is a very profitable product for us. 

Let me spend a few minutes on DORYX, which saw fourth quarter 2010 net sales decrease $34 million, or 52%, 
compared to the prior year quarter. The decrease was primarily the result of an increase in sales related deductions and 
a contraction of pipeline inventories offset in part by higher average selling prices, gross selling prices, as compared to 
the prior-year quarter. 

The sales related deductions related primarily to two items: first, higher utilization and rebate labels for DORYX 150 
loyalty cards relative to the prior-year quarter; and second, reserves for product return. Based on the trends associated 
with the DORYX loyalty card program in the second half of 2010, we made changes to the program effective January 
1st of 2011, which we expect will reduce 2011 RXs for DORYX 150. But we expect to realize higher net sales per RX. 
Interestingly, the reduced forecast for DORYX units in 2011 was a factor in our increasing the Q4 provision for 
DORYX product returns. 

The balance of the higher returns expense was triggered by the onset of generic competition for the 75 and 100 
milligram versions of the product in January of '11 which together represented really less than 5% of the franchise. But 
it also represented a sizable portion of the DORYX pipeline inventories that remained out with wholesalers. We now 
expect those to come back in the form of product returns and so we reserved that in Q4. 

Let me put some perspective on the DORYX net sales in Q4. Excluding the impact of the return reserves I just talked 
about, net sales of DORYX in Q4 of 2010, which is mainly DORYX 150, would have been comparable to the net sales 
we realized in the first or second quarters of 2010. So as you look at that net sales numbers for DORYX in Q4, 
normalize it for an ongoing basis and it's not exactly as you see it there for Q4. 

Turning to gastroenterology, ASACOL net sales were $176 million during the fourth quarter. Again, as we had only 
two months of sales in the 2009 fourth quarter there is not an apples-to-apples comparison as sales in that quarter were 
$115 million. In North America, where the U.S. currently represents 89% of the ASACOL business, our ASACOL net 
sales were $157 million during the quarter. The conversion of ASACOL to ASACOL HD remains a high priority for 
us. 

Our reported gross profit margin as a percent of total revenue was 88% in the fourth quarter, an increase from about 
74% in the prior-year quarter. The increase from the gross profit margin is due to the inclusion in the prior-year quarter 
the impacts of purchase accounting for the PGP acquisition on cost of goods sold and the inclusion of low margin sales 
associated with the distribution of DOVONEX and TACLONEX on behalf of LEO, which ended in June of '10 as I 
mentioned before. We believe gross profit margin in Q4 of 2010 is more representative of our current business. 


Reported SG&A expenses for the fourth quarter were $238 million. Selling and distribution expenses, the expenses 
associated with our field sales forces, increased 10% versus the prior-year quarter to $139 million, primarily as a result 
of expenses associated with the buildout of our 400 territory primary care sales force offset in part by the reduction of 
co-pro expenses paid to Sanofi due to the April 1, 2010 amendment to our global collaboration agreement for 
ACTONEL in the U.S. 

Advertising and promotional expenses, what we referred to as A&P, increased $3 million in the quarter compared with 
the prior-year quarter. General and administrative expenses increased (sic) [decreased] by $56 million in the fourth 
quarter of '10 compared to the prior-year quarter in large part due to the fact that the prior year quarter included 
substantial costs incurred in connection with the acquisition and integration of the PGP business. 

For example, G&A expenses in the fourth quarter of 2009 included $43 million of legal, consulting and other 
professional fees as well as $33 million in severance costs. The decrease in acquisition and integration costs was 
partially offset by increased costs in the fourth quarter associated with the buildout of infrastructure that we put in place 
to enable us to manage our combined business. 

R&D expense in the quarter was $31 million and related to our newly acquired and legacy product development 
program, some of which Roger mentioned during his opening remarks. You'll note that we made no milestone 
payments during the fourth quarter. 

Turning to amortization, which totaled $172 million in the fourth quarter, as we noted in the past, in computing cash 
net income we add back the after tax impact of the amortization. Full year 2010 amortization was $653 million, which 
includes the full year impact of the PGP acquisition on our amortization intangible assets. 

Net interest expense for the fourth quarter was $108 million and that includes $13 million as a result of the write-off of 
deferred loan costs associated with the prepayment of $500 million of term loans that we made at the end of the year. 
Our gross debt balance as of 12/31/2010 was $4.7 billion, consisting of $3.4 billion of borrowings under our senior 
secured credit facilities and $1.25 billion aggregate face amount of 7.75% notes. As a reminder, we also communicated 
on our guidance call last week that we made an additional optional prepayment of $200 million at the end of January 
which did not have an impact on our Q4 results. 

Our reported GAAP net income in the fourth quarter was $15 million. Cash net income, which adds back the after tax 
amortization of intangibles of $168 million and the after tax deferred loan costs of $22 million, was $205 million or 
$0.81 per diluted share based on 254 million diluted ordinary shares outstanding. 

For Q4, the marginal tax rate for amortization of intangibles was 2.2% and the marginal tax rate for deferred loan costs 
was 4.8%. The reconciliation from GAAP net income to cash net income and adjusted cash net income for all periods 
presented is included in our press release. 

Turning to liquidity, we ended the year with $402 million of cash and cash equivalents on the balance sheet. We 
generated $332 million cash from operating activities in the fourth quarter. For those debtholders on the call, we 
included a reconciliation of GAAP net income to adjusted EBITDA in our press release. Adjusted EBITDA using the 
credit facility definition for 4Q 2010 was $396 million and adjusted EBITDA for the full year was $1.5 billion. 

As we said before, in the absence of compelling opportunities, we anticipate that we will use future free cash flows to 
make additional optional prepayments of our term debt. We expect to continue to be able to generate strong cash flows 
going forward due to our higher operating margins combined with relatively modest investments of working capital, 
modest annual capital expenditure requirements and our favorable tax structure. 

One last note, I want to point out that the year-end debt prepayment had an impact on our GAAP net income. Note that 
the $900 million in term loans that we prepaid during the year resulted in $31 million deferred loan write-offs which 
reduced our reported GAAP net income. In Q4, for example, the $500 million resulted in that 13 million that I just 
spoke about. As a reminder, we add back the after tax impact of deferred loan costs in addition to the after tax impact 
of the amortization of intangibles in calculating adjusted cash and income. 


Before taking your questions, let me take a moment to reiterate our guidance that we communicated on February 15th 
of this year. We are making no changes in that guidance based on our reporting of our actual fourth quarter and full 
year 2010 results. A detailed copy of the guidance is available on our website in the press release we issued on 
February 15th. 

With that, let's turn to Ally and open the line for question and answer. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from David Buck of Buckingham Research. Please go ahead. 

<Q - James Dawson>: Yes, Hi. It's Jim Dawson for David Buck. Good quarter; could you give us a sense of – more of 
a sense of the ACTONEL erosion curve in Europe? Is that better or worse than you expected? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Dave, it's Roger. Actually it's a little bit 
better at this point than we had expected. The generics didn't come in as quickly as we expected in some of the 
countries so in the fourth quarter we're little in front of the curve. But again, we do expect that they will certainly catch 
up over the rest of 2011. 

<Q - James Dawson>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from John Boris of Citi. Please go ahead. 

<Q - John Boris>: Thanks for taking the question – questions, and congratulations on the results. Question for you, 
Roger; some of the initial market research that you've done on at least ATELVIA and I know it's certainly early in the 
launch, but can you maybe just discuss what percentage of the switches might be coming from generic alendronate 
relative to ACTONEL? 

And then just one follow-up for Paul, on the sales related discounts on the ATELVIA and ACTONEL franchise, can 
you give any color on what percent discounting you anticipate will happen within that franchise? You've given it, I 
think, historically in the past on LOESTRIN where it's about 30% so I would assume that that's probably coming down 
but any color you can give on that would be much appreciated. Thanks for the questions. 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay, John, you talked about ATELVIA 
and where it's coming from. Although we have some brand switching matrixes, it's still early to try to figure out where 
that is coming from. I got to tell you that we do see a lot of localization, different degrees of success from different 
districts. And we have some districts that are performing at a very high level and I've looked at some of the new to 
brand data, and the brand data looks as – it's doing very well as far as new to brand, new starts. And it does seem that 
that business is coming across the board. Now it's not being come – it's not coming from the 35 or particularly the 150 
but looks like it's also coming from BONIVA and also generic ALIGERNATE. 

So it doesn't seem to be affecting – it's a direct switch of say ACTONEL 35 to ATELVIA, nor the 150 product; but it 
seems the spread – and I'm just looking at where I have some volume in some of the districts and where that business is 
coming from, but it's a good question and we feel good about the fact that it's not a direct switch, but it's coming from 
all bisphosphonates. 

<A - Paul S. Herendeen, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial and Accounting Officer>: Hi, John, it's Paul. 
With respect to gross to net, if you're looking at sort of a LOESTRIN 24 compared to ACTONEL, they're actually 
pretty similar. But I want to point out and as everybody tries to build their models of specifically starting with RXs and 
you use WAC and then you try to estimate gross demand and you do all these things, the danger in that is assuming that 


those things are not dynamic; they are very dynamic. 

And I want to give an example here if I might. We talked both in our call last on the 15th when we provided guidance 
but also today about the changes that we made to our loyalty card program and LOESTRIN 24 had a loyalty card 
program. If I say that those gross to nets are similar for LOESTRIN 24 and ACTONEL today, and I change that card 
program effective January 1, the expectation is that gross to net will improve for LOESTRIN 24. So I just want to point 
out that the danger in making assumptions and having it be static; they're very dynamic. 

Second thing to point out is ACTONEL, and to a lesser extent ASACOL, but ACTONEL as a product that we acquired 
from PGP was one that enjoyed very solid coverage within managed care. It was part of the marketing execution that 
PGP undertook along with Sanofi in the U.S. And so the gross to net on ACTONEL is – because of those managed care 
rebates was probably on the lower end of what you would have looked – seen if you would have looked at a legacy 
Warner Chilcott product looking backwards. 

Now, as we go forward, I think what we had said is you should assume that we would continue similar sort of 
discounting to managed care with ATELVIA, you should assume that as we try to go out and convert – didn't want to 
use the word convert, but I want to build share with ATELVIA out there in the marketplace. I hope that provides some 
color for you, John. 

<Q - John Boris>: Thank you much. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Louise Chen of Collins Stewart. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Louise Chen>: Hi, how are you? My question is with respect to your promotional efforts for ATELVIA and LO 
LOESTRIN. I know you began those in January; can you give us more color on what you're doing there to promote 
those products? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, it's Roger. I think we were pretty 
explicit when we went out with this and where our strategy is – continues to be clear. And with ATELVIA, basically 
what we're saying it's the only bisphosphonate that you can take with breakfast. It is indeed a unique dosage form. And 
I think when you're looking at – and I just looked at the data, new to brand, it's certainly doing well. Our issue is we 
believe that obviously all new patients should be started on ATELVIA, but the issue is going to be how many patients 
are going to – or how many clinicians are going to switch existing products, be it monthly products or weekly products 
to ATELVIA, the existing business, and I think it's still a little early for that. 

We do see some districts where it's been very successful and as I had just said, it looks to be coming across from other 
brands nearly equally. So if a clinician likes ATELVIA, it's not going be preferable for the generic or BONIVA; he's 
going to like the fact that he doesn't have to a) explain the dosing regimen to his patients and he knows when he uses 
ATELVIA that indeed he's going get a level of bisphosphonate where he would have been unsure if he leaves it up to 
the patient's discretion. 

I think LO LO, the positioning here is again, it's not the cannibalized LOESTRIN 24 business. We don't see 
cannibalization of LOESTRIN 24. Basically, it's provided as a unique product with the lowest amount of estrogen. The 
clinician has the choice of either that might be an ideal product for a new start patient whether they – he or she wants to 
minimize estrogen exposure over a long period of time because women are on OCs for a long period of time. Or it may 
be a choice for a woman who's going through the perimenopause and it would be an excellent perimenopausal pill and 
because basically it's [inaudible], 10 micrograms. So that really is up to the clinician and we leave that choice up for the 
clinician but it looks like it's that LO LO is also off to a very good start. 

<A - Paul S. Herendeen, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial and Accounting Officer>: Hey Louise, it's 
Paul. I'll just provide a quick follow on just to make sure we get the factoids all lined up with the brands. We are – the 
ATELVIA franchise is being fair – being promoted by that 400 person sales force that we put there, we put in place 


specifically for that purpose. And secondarily, the LO LOESTRIN along with LOESTRIN 24 is being promoted by a 
220 territory sales force. We are engaged in direct-to-consumer advertising in support of both of those brand launches. 
We said in the past, but to be clear, when it's Warner Chilcott you're not talking about DTC programs that are 
super-expensive that you think of it as in the tens of millions as compared with what another company might undertake. 
And we'd expect that that DTC cost will be largely concentrated in Q1 and spill over into Q2 and that likely could be it. 

<Q - Louise Chen>: Thank you. 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Louise. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Chris Schott of J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Chris Schott>: Great. Thanks. Question here was just with the LO LOESTRIN launch. Can you just elaborate a 
little bit more on the detailed priorities for that women's health franchise? How are you handling priority of LO 
LOESTRIN versus LOESTRIN? 

And if I can just slip a second question in, I know you don't give product-specific guidance, but can you just help us a 
little bit of how we should think about the DORYX sales run rate in 2011? It looks like adjusting that fourth quarter 
number as you highlighted in the call you did about $190 million in 2010 sales. Do you believe you can grow off of 
that base in 2011 when we consider the impact of the adjusted loyalty card program? Thanks. 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Chris, it's Roger. As far as LO LO 
priority, remember, Chris, we're looking at individual physicians and it depends on what that individual physician's 
requirement is. 

As far as the sales rep is concerned, they're compromised on the whole franchise, be it 24 or LO LO so they're not 
being directed to persuade a physician to write from LOESTRIN 24 if they're happy with that. And all clinicians have 
different types of strategies. Some have – believe that a new start patient might be a LOESTRIN 24 and they have a lot 
of patients that are moving through perimenopause and they might position the 10 microgram product for that patient. 

We're also seeing some of the younger clinicians who believe that younger women should be on the 10 microgram 
product for a longer period of time. So that is very much – those decisions are made at the physician level and we don't 
try to dictate those physicians as to what that strategy is going to be. 

The sales rep dictates the strategy, but overall from 30,000 feet, it's really up to the sales rep to make that decision 
depending on which clinician that they are talking to. As far as their compensation, it does not distinguish. They get 
compensated on the whole franchise. 

You were talking about the growth of our – growth or lack of growth of DORYX RXs in reflection to the coupon 
program. And you got to remember that we sort of resist coupon programs to begin with, because we think the product 
should be sold on its merits and not its ability to be discounted. That being said, that's my caveat, we do believe that 
there is going to be reaction to the program. 

We do think it got a little carried away with the program and the depth of these discounts and what had happened with 
the program. So they're going to take a readjustment period. But rest assured, we do believe that once we get through 
this readjustment period that we believe that DORYX will continue to grow in real terms. And I think the coupon got to 
be a distraction, which was one of our fears. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Gary Nachman of Susquehanna. Please go ahead. 


<Q - Gary Nachman>: Hi, good morning. Roger, when you look at M&A and bringing other assets in, would you 
consider going into another therapeutic area at this point? How important do you think it is to have another product in 
the bag for the primary care sales force and are you guys still committed to dermatology with DORYX prescriptions 
now starting to decline? Thanks. 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, President and Chief Executive Officer>: That was a mouthful, Gary. 

<Q - Gary Nachman>: I only get one question. 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well played. I guess the first part is our 
M&A and are we dedicated to a particular therapeutic area and probably not. If we do see, I mean, the history of this is 

– we're not going to get into oncology; I don't think we're getting into those particular areas. But we demonstrated we're 
a little bit flexible as far as if we see a therapeutic area that we think that we can exploit, that's not going to limit our 
M&A because we have to be in dermatology. 
And I think when you look at the – and you talked about therapeutic areas and it's – dermatology, in specific. Yes, we 
are in derm, we do have some product planned for derm and I think we will continue. I think we got a – we've had a 
little bump in the road here trying to get this coupon adjusted but that, too, will be taken care of. 

You talked about primary care and the fact that we do have a primary care and it's necessary for osteo to call on 
primary care, so that will continue. I would direct you to the fact that we do have some products in our pipeline, 
including products like nemonoxacin, which is a quinolone, which would require primary care coverage. So, yes, there 
are products that we'll probably leverage the fact that we have a primary care sales force. 

<Q - Gary Nachman>: Just a quick follow-up. Are you shifting any of the derm sales reps away on to some other 
products now? It seems like it might make sense to do that in the near term. 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, President and Chief Executive Officer>: No, actually it's the opposite. When you 
look at the zig we zag. The issue is that what we're doing is we thought – there's bit of comprise here because we were 
using the derm and GI sales force full on both those clinicians. So we lost a little bit of, I would say, the experience 
with derm. 

In fact, we do believe in dermatology and we're doing quite the opposite. We're looking more now at a dedicated derm 
sales force rather than bifurcating that sales force where those reps have to call on gastroenterologists and derms. You 
know it's – to the layman, they may not have seen different, but they are quite different targets. And so we're really 
looking at dedicated derm and dedicated gastroenterology. And I think we can do a better job with both brands with 
that type of focus and dedication. 

<Q - Gary Nachman>: Okay. Thanks, guys. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Marc Goodman of UBS. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Marc Goodman>: Yes. Good morning. So first of all, on ASACOL HD, curious if you're thinking of changing 
the strategy at all to do anything to drive the product better; loyalty cards, things like that, pricing strategies. And 
second, in the oral contraceptive space, Watson's coming with your old product, there's a couple of new products from 
Bayer; just curious what you think about the competition there. 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay, Marc, you've got two questions in 
there. As far as loyalty cards for HD, I think that there might be one out there, but that's not the strategy. And if you 
look to new to brand, it's doing pretty well; actually both with 400 and HD. 

I think if there's anything that we'll probably do in the future, it's more going to be about the benefits of mesalamine 
and PH delivery rather than saying that HD or the 800 is any better than the 400. I think we've got to get back to selling 


mesalamine and the fact that we do – and the fact that our product works probably faster than anybody else in the 
marketplace. So I think if there is going to be any shift it'll – it's probably more fundamental to the advantages of using 
the mesalamine through a PH triggered delivery system. 

On the OCs, I wish Watson the best of luck. I hope they pay us a huge amount on our royalty. We do get a royalty of 
their sales, so I hope they do well and we make a lot of money with it. I know that Bayer is also out there and they've 
got some new products that they've brought into the marketplace. I think, BEYAZ is doing pretty well, but then it's 
probably they're picking up some of the generic is going back into BEYAZ, because that product can be protected. 

But you got to remember, Marc, that's our future also, so we're not done here with developing new products for the oral 
contraceptive marketplace. We believe that we have products in our pipeline that will be of advantage in this 
marketplace, and we continue to welcome competition. 

<Q - Marc Goodman>: And just so I'm clear on ASACOL, the HD and the regular ASACOL, they're both priced at 
parity still? 

<A - Paul S. Herendeen, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial and Accounting Officer>: They're priced at 
parity per milligram. An average RX of HD is a little more valuable to us, because they tend to use more milligrams per 
day, a patient on HD. But yeah, they're priced at parity. 

<Q - Marc Goodman>: And can you just give us a flavor for, if you adjust for that, what the difference is, today 
versus what... 

<A - Paul S. Herendeen, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial and Accounting Officer>: 10% to 15% 
difference. 

<Q - Marc Goodman>: I'm sorry, say that again. 

<A - Paul S. Herendeen, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial and Accounting Officer>: 10% to 15% 
difference. 

<Q - Marc Goodman>: Got it, and that hasn't... 

<A - Paul S. Herendeen, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial and Accounting Officer>: Higher HD, 
obviously. 

<Q - Marc Goodman>: And that hasn't changed since the launch. 

<A - Paul S. Herendeen, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial and Accounting Officer>: No, it goes up and 
down, but it seems to have settled there. 

<Q - Marc Goodman>: Thanks. 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, President and Chief Executive Officer>: That's not a big issue, Marc. I mean the 
other side of the thing is milligrams per RX and you tend to get more milligrams per RX if you write the 800 milligram 
versus the 400 milligram because the patient can't underdose themselves so you might build a strategy in there. That 
being said, some of this stuff, and I hate to do it, it's almost like dermatol – the witchcraft approach; certain 
gastroenterologists have, their own little dosing. And if you look at the dosing across how they dose it, once a day, 
versus twice a day, versus three times a day, how much they dose it, it's all over the board. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from of Michael Tong of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Michael Tong>: Good morning. Roger, Paul called out ESTRACE Cream as a growing product and a very 
profitable product. So I'm just wondering if there is anything in the hormone replacement therapy market that you can 
do or is there just too much shadow over the entire category that it's basically a cash flow machine for you guys at this 


point? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I think, Michael, there's two almost 
demographic things that are going on here and I can't tell you exactly what the wait is. But there is obviously a 
resistance to initiate hormone therapy because there a lot of patients, whether they deserve it or not, are fearful and 
clinicians don't want to go through a long sort of explanation process. So unfortunately a lot of women aren't being put 
on HRT, but they do have two types of symptoms, one being hot flush and the other one is going to be vaginal atrophy. 

I do think clinicians are very comfortable using local estrogens and not systemic estrogen, so we're naturally seeing the 
growth of the local use of estrogen. And obviously ESTRACE Cream has benefited from that. 

I think the other thing is – and we're developing a PDE and then I think the use of PDEs basically right now has had as 
far as gender bias is certainly for males but then on the other side of this thing you have perhaps a middle-aged woman 
that needs local help and we've seen perhaps the increase of ESTRACE Cream and local estrogens in response to 
growing use of PDEs. 

So it's almost then when – we look at ESTRACE Cream we see that as perhaps an opportunity and we're seeing real 
growth in ESTRACE Cream and we're seeing – and I should also say there's probably real growth across the board with 
the local use of estrogen and response to less use of systemic estrogens and perhaps some of the spillover of the fact 
that, you know, the use of PDEs and response that some of the women have been using local estrogens. And we've seen 
a lot of this use also on the part of the urologist. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Gregg Gilbert of Bank of America. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Gregg Gilbert>: Thanks. Good morning. Roger, do you see some of the forces that are depressing the 
bisphosphonate market sort of reversing themselves any time soon? Obviously ATELVIA can do well despite that, but 
would like to see the pipe stabilize here. 

And then secondly, on business development, do you think about opportunities that would make the company more 
diverse in terms of brand generic or pharma consumer or anything like that that's a little bit more outside the box versus 
what we've seen your company do in the past? Thanks. 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. It's two things – Gregg, it is – I mean 
it is a concern that there's less use of bisphosphonates and I think, you know, a lot of this has been done – well, there 
are a couple of reasons, you know, it's – literally the side effects associated with bisphosphonates and you get some 
negative publicity out there; the osteonecrosis and I – that, we thought was almost put to bed. And now you have 
subtrochanteric fracture, which is really a very low percentage, but yet the negative publicity seems to affect the whole 
marketplace. 

And I guess – add on to that that this is a silent disease and patients don't see many benefits almost a belief that's got to 
help me. I think it's almost like the perfect storm on this that has sort of depressed the use of bisphosphonates. The fact 
is we have really no market leadership out there. We do DTC, but I think, you know, the whole category would benefit 
from DTC. That would do something about the fears of osteoporosis or the fact that we have a real disease state. 

And these bisphosphonates are quite remarkable in how they reduce the amount of bone fractures and we're talking 
about bone fracture reduction of 60% to 70%. The sad thing is that it's not until a woman has had a fracture that they 
indeed are put on bisphosphonates. So, yeah, that's an issue. 

It looks like we're doing better with ATELVIA. I think we're going to – we're going – I mean, simply because these 
things were just terrible as far as dosing. You didn't know if your patient was taking the dose or wasn't taking the dose. 
And I think, hopefully, ATELVIA will turn that all around. 


As far as us getting out of and I guess what you're alluding to would we buy a generic company? Would we sort of 
spread our risk? At this point, I think we've done very well; we're still focused as – and basically in our therapeutic 
areas. I don't see us getting out into different areas at this point because the execution has been so good. And I think 
right now it's more of a fad than it is a real business strategy. 

<Q - Gregg Gilbert>: And then, Paul, any comments on EPS progression by quarter based on any spending patterns or 
anything you could call out ahead of time? Thanks. 

<A - Paul S. Herendeen, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial and Accounting Officer>: Yeah, Gregg, just 
the one thing that I did try to slip in there, just you've got to be aware of the DTC and how that is loaded into Q1 and 
spills over into Q2. But beyond that, it's – there's not a lot that's lumpy unless we are fortunate enough to come up with 
an R&D program that causes us to make a milestone payment. 

<Q - Gregg Gilbert>: Okay. Thanks. 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you, Greg. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Scott Henry of Roth Capital. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Scott Henry>: Thank you and good morning. On the intellectual property front, obviously very dynamic, could 
you talk to the litigation calendar for the remainder of 2011? Are there any events that we should be focusing our 
attention on? And I guess specifically with regards to ASACOL and Roxane, is there anything left there or is that 
situation pretty much resolved? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, President and Chief Executive Officer>: That's a good, I mean, if you talk about 
litigation calendar, I guess the only litigation that we do have is the situation with the ASACOL HD. And I guess that is 

– that has become pretty murky because the guidance has indeed changed. We do – occasionally we do an update and 
because we are in active litigation there's not much we can say about this, other than the fact that we are in litigation. 
I do say from an FDA point of view and what it looks like to gain entrance into the – or to get a product approved it's 
sort of moot in the fact that who cares about the litigation and because no one at this point – is there a path to approval 
for a generic product and will there ever be a path for approval for a generic product in this category. 

And I know we think it's kind of a unique dosage form, it works locally. It really – the activity is not related to blood 
levels. So it is a tricky product and it is a very, you know, it is a very serious disease state, ulcerative colitis; and we 
have a unique delivery system. So as far as litigation is concerned, it's secondary to getting a – you know, is there a 
pathway to getting a product approved in this particular marketplace. As long as that pathway is not there, I think it's 
rather academic to talk about litigation. 

<A - Paul S. Herendeen, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial and Accounting Officer>: It's Paul, Scott. Let 
me just make sure or correct – Roger's so excited about HD that he said HD that with respect to ASACOL 400 and but 
just to buttress what Roger said is that the litigation continues but that's not what we believe is the critical factoid. 

<Q - Scott Henry>: Okay. And I should interpret that the calendar for the rest of the – at least the material products is 
pretty much empty for 2011. 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes. 

<Q - Scott Henry>: Okay, thank you. That's helpful. 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Scott. 

Operator 


Our next question comes from Bill Tanner of Lazard Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 

<Q - William Tanner>: Thanks for taking the question. Just as it relates to DTC support for ATELVIA, Paul, I know 
you did mention that it would slip into the second quarter. And maybe Roger, just bigger picture, what's the inclination, 
then, to potentially extend that a little bit longer either if perhaps the uptake is less than what was hoped for or maybe if 
it's greater than and wanting to take advantage of a little bit of a tailwind? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, I think there's two things to look at as 
long, you know, if we saw that there was a rising tide in – across the board in the prescriptions of ATELVIA and they 
were concentrated as they appear to be concentrated right now, we'd be going more with – we'd believe it was a DTC 
effect. We do believe that the primary driver of ATELVIA is indeed local – a local promotion. So right now we're not 
planning to extend the DTC. 

Then as far as slipping into the second quarter, I'll let Paul... 

<A - Paul S. Herendeen, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial and Accounting Officer>: Yeah, I mean I think 
it's roughly our total DTC spend as I've tried to let people know, Bill, is you should think of this as tens of millions of 
dollars and about half of it in Q1 and half of it in Q2. 

<Q - William Tanner>: And then just thinking, if you're not getting the traction from the DTC that you had hoped, 
what would be the strategies, alternative strategies then to try to drive adoption, or drive uptake? 

<A - Paul S. Herendeen, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial and Accounting Officer>: Well, yeah go 
ahead... 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, President and Chief Executive Officer>: But it's not that – if indeed we are getting 
adoption that is localized and by that I mean, when I would say it's localized, it's not anything to do with the fact that 
it's a local managed care situation or it's got anything to do with you have a higher amount of osteoporosis patients. 
When we look at this thing and we see localized growth we see it's directly the result of execution by the district sales 
manager and sales team. 

So the fact is, then, how do you grow faster over a longer period of time, whatever those best practices are occurring in 
those particular districts have to be spread to the other districts. 

<A - Paul S. Herendeen, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial and Accounting Officer>: And Bill, I'll try to 
follow-on that as well, because I think it's instructive to people, maybe, that who are new to our story, first and 
foremost we believe our primary asset and expertise is in managing sales forces, precision marketing we talk about, et 
cetera. Our belief is the most important link in driving market share for a product such as ours is excellence in 
execution at the sales force level. 

Now when we're launching these products, we do provide the support of a DTC campaign for a short period of time to 
ensure that we give our sales reps the best opportunity to gain traction and go forward. We're not big believers in the 
return on DTC once you get past maybe the first several quarters. 

It's just philosophically, if you followed Warner Chilcott over a period of time, we've used DTC but it's generally to 
support a launch and our primary reliance is on the excellence of our field forces to drive share and last. And as Roger 
said, when you see certain of our districts gaining better traction than other of our districts, you look and you see what 
is it in that is resulting in that district doing better and trying to take those best practices and spread them, not spend 
more DTC. 

<Q - William Tanner>: Okay. That makes sense. Thanks very much. 

<A - Paul S. Herendeen, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial and Accounting Officer>: Thank you, Bill. 

Operator 


Our next question is a follow-up from David Buck of Buckingham Research. Please go ahead. 

<Q - David Buck>: Yes. Just one follow-up. Does this strong fourth quarter you have today change – that make any – 
change anything with your 2011 guidance that you gave on the 15th? 

<A - Paul S. Herendeen, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial and Accounting Officer>: I'll take that, I mean 
we – as I said right at the tail end of my prepared remarks, this – what you should take away is that our fourth quarter 
was very consistent with what our expectations were for our fourth quarter and we made no changes at all to our 2011 
guidance via based on the results that we put on the board. This was very consistent with what our expectations were 
for Q4. 

<Q - David Buck>: Okay, thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Shibani Malhotra of RBC Capital. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Shibani Malhotra>: Hi, guys. Congrats on the great quarter. Very good question on ACTONEL or – and 
ATELVIA. Can you just update us on what your strategy is for the ACTONEL once a month dose? I mean, are you 
looking to replace this with ATELVIA? And then can you also update us on the court case that's ongoing, the Boniva 
patent case goes – as I understand it the patent on Boniva is the same as the one on ACTONEL once-a-month, so how 
are you thinking about that going forward? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay, Shibani. As far as – we don't 
distinguish between once a month and the weekly product. The advantage that we have with ATELVIA is that you can 
take it with breakfast. The issue that we have here whether our patient takes it once a month or once a week, if they 
take that bisphosphonate with a glass of orange juice or a cup of coffee they comprise the absorption of that 
bisphosphonate by 80% or perhaps 90%. So the fact is it's probably even more dangerous if you're taking once a month 
because you've lost that dose because you took it with a glass of orange juice or perhaps the cup of coffee for the whole 
month. 

So our message is whether you're taking it monthly or weekly, the real issue is, is your patient getting the benefit of the 
bisphosphonate? And of course with ATELVIA they can take it with orange juice or they could take it with coffee, 
because there is a spread – we dosed it with – what our definition of breakfast was a very broad definition. 

You also asked about the patent litigation that's going on with Boniva, but that patent litigation is around dosing the 
product once a month. And again, remember our patent is on the chemical entity, the [inaudible] patent which goes out 
through ... 

<A - Paul S. Herendeen, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial and Accounting Officer>: '14 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, President and Chief Executive Officer>: 2014. So we track it. Are we interested? It's 
interesting, but obviously not critical to us. 

<Q - Shibani Malhotra>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Paul S. Herendeen, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial and Accounting Officer>: Thank you, Shibani. 

Operator 

At this time, I'd now like to turn the conference back over to Paul Herendeen for any closing remarks. 


Paul S. Herendeen, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial and Accounting 
Officer 

Yes. Thanks everybody for joining the call this morning. We're very excited that we have the opportunity to launch two 
new products here in the first quarter, and we're looking forward to the opportunity to come back to you in conjunction 
with our first quarter release which would be in early May and then report on our progress with those two products. 

So thank you again for joining the call and we'll look forward to the next opportunity to speak to you. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference. You may all disconnect and have a wonderful day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2011, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


