Q3 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
• Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President 
• Paul Hereunder 
Other Participants 

• Gary Nachman 
• David Buck 
• David Risinger 
• Chris Schott 
• Elliot Wilbur 
• Gregg Gilbert 
• Michael Tong 
• John Boris 
• David Windley 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Warner Chilcott announces Third Quarter 2010 financial results 
conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer 
session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference call is 
being recorded. 

I'd now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief 
Financial Officer. Please go ahead, sir. 

Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Yeah, thanks very much. Good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us. Earlier this morning, we reported our 
third quarter 2010 financial results. We hope you've all had a chance to review the press release, which is available on 
our website. We'll try to keep our prepared comments brief to allow additional time for question and answer at the end 
of the call. 

Before getting started, let me point out that this call will include forward-looking statements. These statements are 
subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause the company's actual results to differ materially from 
such statements. These risks and uncertainties are discussed in our 2009 Form 10-K and other filings which are 
available on our website. 

The forward-looking statements made during this call are made only as of the date of this call and the company 
undertakes no obligation to update such statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances. In addition, we will 
make certain references during the course of this call to non-GAAP financial measures as defined by SEC regulations. 


In accordance with these regulations, we have provided reconciliations of these measures in our press release issued 
this morning to what we believe are the most directly relevant GAAP measures. 

With that, let me turn things over to Roger Boissonneault, our President and CEO. 

Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President 

Thanks, Paul. Good morning everyone. I'll provide a brief business update before turning it back to Paul, and he in turn 
will provide some commentary on the third quarter '10 financial results. 

I'll start with the updated approvals received during the quarter and some other accomplishments. On October 8, the 
FDA approved our next generation Actonel product, which will – which we will promote in the U.S. under the name of 
Atelvia. Atelvia is a once a week 35 mg product that is the only oral bisphosphonate that eliminates the waiting time to 
eat or drink. We expect to begin commercial shipments of Atelvia in the fourth quarter and promotion of Atelvia in 
early '11. 

In the meantime, we continue to restructure and staff our U.S. primary care sales force, which will have promotional 
responsibility for the product. We have slightly increased the number of territories in our primary care sales force to 
roughly 400 and have the majority of those territory skills. The primary care sales force is focused on primary care 
practitioners and other physicians who are high prescribers of osteoporosis products. 

While we are excited for the launch of Atelvia, we also recognize that we'll feel the impact of losing Actonel 
exclusivity in Western Europe beginning in the fourth quarter of 2010. Actonel is our most significant product outside 
North America from a revenue standpoint. We continue to explore opportunities that would enable us to expand our 
product portfolio and leverage our infrastructure outside the U.S. 

Within our OC franchise, we have two pieces of good news, since our last call. First we received FDA approval of Lo 
Loestrin, a novel contraceptive that offers safe and effective birth control, with the lowest daily dose of estrogen 
available in the U.S. We also announced we've reached a settlement with Lupin resolving our patent litigation relating 
to Loestrin 24. 

With increased comfort around the remaining exclusivity period for Loestrin 24 and a opportunity to launch Lo 
Loestrin, we believe our near-term prospects in the contraceptive market are excellent. Our 220-territory women sales 
force has done an outstanding job in the U.S. with Loestrin 24. The first nine months of 2010 filled prescriptions are up 
over 70% compared to the first nine months of '09 and market share is approaching 10%. 

Loestrin 24 is the market leader and this position provides a strong platform from which to launch Lo Loestrin. I want 
to point out that Lo Loestrin is not a replacement for Loestrin 24. It's in addition to the brand franchise and should help 
us further increase our share in this attractive market over the next several years. 

Let me turn now to Urology. You may recall, we had a combined – our healthcare field force with our Urology field 
force to create our Uro/Gyn team. As a result of the recent termination of the co promotion agreement with Novartis 
and our acquisition of the U.S. rights to Enablex, we are dividing this group into two distinctly separate sales forces. 

The legacy women's healthcare sales force will focus on our contraceptive and our new urology sales force, the 
women's healthcare sales force will continue to roughly 220 territories, while the urology sales force will have 
approximately 150 territories and will focus promotional efforts on Enablex and Estrace Cream. We currently have 
under half of the urology field sales force in place. And as a side note, let me mention that each of the three prior patent 
litigations related to Enablex have been settled. Under the terms of the settlement and the licensing agreements, each of 
the three generic filers agreed not to launch a generic version of Enablex until subject to certain express options, the 
earlier of March 15, 2016 or potentially June 15, 2016, if a six-month pediatric extension is granted. 

In gastroenterology since our last call, we received the updated response to our citizen's petition addressing the 
regulatory pathway for potential generic versions of Asacol. At a high level, we asserted that any potential generic 
version of Asacol should have to establish bioequivalence through properly powered clinical trials, in additions to PK 


and in vitro dissolution studies. In its response, the FDA indicated that the potential generic versions would not need to 
complete a clinical study, but would need to conduct the PK and dissolution studies to establish bioequivalence. We 
continue to grow the Asacol HD portion of our Asacol business. New prescriptions of Asacol HD now account for 
more than 20% of the Asacol franchise. While looking at the Asacol franchise, over 40% of new patient starts are with 
Asacol HD based on IMS data. 

We've done a good job of promoting the HD product, but believe we can do even better. One thing that we're doing is 
changing the configuration of the 150 territory Gastro/ Derm field force to create three distinct teams: our GI team to 
focus on Asacol HD, our Derm team to focus on Doryx, and in rural areas, the combination GI/Derm team that will 
continue to promote both products. This change will enable each of the teams to better focus their promotional 
priorities. While we believe that the changes in the configuration of our Gastro/ Derm field force will improve their 
effectiveness, we also know the dynamics of prescription writing in the UC market are somewhat similar to what we 
saw with Taclonex in this psoriasis space. And mostly patients originate with a specialist, in this case a 
gastroenterologist, with refill prescriptions gradually migrating to the primary care physician. Our success promoting 
Asacol HD will be driven by how well we do with the gastroenterologists. 

Now, let me turn things over to Paul to take you through the third quarter financial results. 

Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks, Roger. Let me begin with a few general comments and then turn to some financial results. 

First, I know I've had many questions about the impact of a new tax law that was passed in Puerto Rico that they 
introduced and enacted over the October 23rd weekend. I'll point out we're in the process of evaluating the potential 
impact of that legislation on our operations. While the application of the legislation to Warner Chilcott's operations is 
complex, it will take some time to determine what it may mean to Warner Chilcott. Next, a quick update on the 
integration of the P&G Pharma business. 

Our third quarter results are the first in which all of the acquired PGP entities closed their books on Warner Chilcott 
systems, one of the last major milestones of our integration efforts. We expect that substantially all integration efforts 
will be complete by the end of 2010. We'll also note that during the third quarter we paid the special cash dividend of 
$8.50 a share or approximately 2.14 billion to our shareholders funded through the issuance of additional term debt and 
senior notes totaling 2.25 billion. 

At the time we announced the leveraged recapitalization, we were questioned whether the transaction would adversely 
impact our access to capital in the event strategic opportunities were to present themselves in the near term. We did not 
ask you long to – to wait very long before we raised the additional 500 million through the addition of – issuance of 
additional senior notes to fund the acquisition of Enablex. 

We feel comfortable with our current level of leverage, given our strong ability to generate cash. As you will note, as 
we discussed in third quarter results that we did not make optional prepayments of debt during the quarter, instead we 
ended the quarter with almost 1.1 billion in cash, net of the 400 million that we paid to Novartis in October for 
Enablex, cash on hand would have been 670 million at the end of the third quarter of 2010. 

Over the last two quarters, we wanted to maintain flexibility to capitalize on potential investment opportunities, and 
therefore we accumulated free cash flow and did not make optional prepayments on debt. We'll update you on our 
intentions with respect to optional prepayments in conjunction with our 2011 financial guidance, which we expect to 
release as has been our norm early next year. 

Turning to our results, let me start by reminding you that our third quarter 2010 includes the results from the PGP 
businesses, while the prior year quarter did not as we closed the PGP acquisition at the end of October. I will continue 
to identify costs, primarily G&A expenses which relate specifically to the acquisition and integration of the PGP 
business. 


We continue to identify these costs, so that you have a complete view of the impact that they have on our operating 
results. You'll recall that the impact of the distribution agreement we entered into with Leo Pharma ended in the second 
quarter of this year, so there is no impact from Taclonex and Dovonex in our Q3, 2010 results. 

Our third quarter revenue was 703 million, an increase of 178% compared to the third quarter of last year, due 
primarily to increased net sales related to the acquired PGP products, Actonel and Asacol. A general comment, as you 
look at sequential results, many of our promoted brands were negatively impacted in the third quarter by an increase in 
sales related deductions. 

Sales related deductions include the impact of items such as managed-care and government rebate programs, product 
returns, loyalty card utilization and wholesaler related costs. Gross-to-net revenue deductions are becoming 
increasingly important when analyzing our historical revenue and thinking about our future revenue. 

Asacol net sales were 181 million during the quarter, a sequential decrease of roughly 6% compared to the second 
quarter of 2010, and this is due mainly to an increase in sales related deductions. Filled prescriptions in the U.S. for the 
total Asacol franchise, including both the 400 mg and HD versions were flat on a sequential basis in the third quarter 
compared to the second quarter. Actonel net sales were 268 million, essentially flat versus the second quarter. In the 
U.S., total prescriptions were down 6% from the second quarter and sales related deductions increased from Q2. But 
those factors were offset by an expansion of pipeline inventories in the quarter and higher average selling prices. It's 
worth it to point out that even with an expansion of pipeline inventories for Actonel in Q3, year-to-date Actonel 
pipeline has still contracted. 

Loestrin 24 contributed 85 million of net sales in the third quarter of 2010, up 31% from Q3 of '09, and that's due 
primarily to an increase in filled prescriptions of nearly 65% and higher average selling prices offset partially by the 
impact of higher sales related deductions and a contraction of pipeline inventories relative to the prior year period. 
Sequentially, net sales of Loestrin 24 were down approximately 5% as an 8% increase in total prescriptions, a proxy for 
unit sales, was more than offset by higher sales related deductions in the quarter and a contraction of pipeline 
inventories compared to the second quarter. 

Net sales of Doryx decreased 20% to 39 million in the third quarter of 2010 compared to the third quarter of 2009, 
primarily due to an increase in sales related deductions and a contraction of pipeline inventories as compared to the 
prior year quarter, and that was offset in part by higher average selling prices and a 3.5% increase in filled 
prescriptions. Sequentially, Doryx net sales decreased by roughly 25% due primarily to increasing sales related 
deductions, partially offset by higher average selling price, and a 2% increase in filled prescriptions. We mentioned in 
the past that the loyalty card program decreases our average net sales value per Rx Doryx 150. At the end of 2009, our 
average net sales for Doryx 150 was approximately $250, on a normalized basis for Q3 it was roughly $225. 

Turning to gross profit margin, third-quarter gross profit margin as a percentage of total revenue was 88.4% compared 
to 82.4% in the prior year quarter, and the adjusted gross margin of 91.8% we reported in Q2. The decrease in Q3 
versus Q2 was primarily related to the impact of the increase in sales related deductions. For the full-year 2010, we 
continue to expect the adjusted gross margin as a percentage of total adjusted revenue to be in the low end of the 
previously announced 90% to 91% range. 

Turning now to operating expenses and starting in SG&A, which totaled $251 million in the quarter. Selling expense 
was 132 million in the third quarter of 2010, a decrease of 5 million, which is relatively flat versus the second quarter 
of 2010. As you're aware, selling expenses are costs associated with our field sales forces. As we continue to complete 
the restructuring and staffing on the various sales force teams that Roger mentioned, these costs will increase. Also 
included in selling expenses are costs associated with our co-promotion agreements, the largest of which is with Sanofi 
and which totaled 66 million in the quarter compared with 61 million in Q2. 

General and administrative expenses in the quarter were approximately 92 million. As we have been reporting since we 
closed the acquisition of PGP, included in our G&A expenses are costs directly associated with the integration of the 
PGP business, such as transition service fees paid to P&G, severance costs and professional and consulting fees. 
Included in Q3 G&A expense are approximately 2 million professional fees related to the integration, 7 million of 


expenses for services provided by P&G to us under this transition services agreement, and 1 million of additional 
severance costs. We expect to be substantially done with the integration by the end of the year. The core amount of our 
G&A expense in the quarter including the costs I just discussed was roughly $80 million in the third quarter. 

Our investment in R&D totaled 33 million in the third quarter, down from 51 million in Q2. The Q2 amount included a 
$20 million upfront payment to Dong-A for the BPH indication on udenafil and the Q3 amount included – excuse me, 
includes a $5 million payment to TaiGen related to nemonoxacin, and a $1 million payment to Paratek for the novel 
tetracycline for acne and rosacea. Excluding these payments, internal R&D costs decreased slightly on a sequential 
basis. Internal R&D costs consisted of costs associated with our ongoing product development projects, including 
udenafil for ED, our novel tetracycline for acne and improved versions of essentially all of our key marketed products. 

Net interest expense for the third quarter of 2010 was approximately 61 million. We ended the quarter with a debt 
balance of approximately 5.2 billion comprised of approximately 4 billion in term loans and 1.26 billion of 7.75% 
senior notes. Our net debt was roughly 4.2 billion. 

A quick comment on our amortization of intangibles. You'll note future amortization is expected to increase due to the 
approval of Atelvia and the acquisition of Enablex. As a result, the after-tax impact of amortization intangibles is one 
of the line items – excuse me, as a reminder the after-tax impact of the amortization intangibles is one of the line items 
we add back to GAAP net income to derive cash net income and cash net income per share. 

Our reported GAAP net income in the third quarter of 2010 was approximately 58 million. Cash net income will 
chance back the after-tax amortization of intangibles and after-tax deferred loan costs was 219 million or $0.86 per 
diluted share on 254 million diluted ordinary shares outstanding. 

Turning to liquidity, we generated roughly $250 million of cash from marketing activities in the third quarter, what I 
would describe as a more typical cash flow quarter as compared with Q2, which was impacted by the change in the 
nature of the Sanofi /Actonel agreement and our cut over to Warner Chilcott systems. We ended the quarter with just 
under 1.1 billion of cash on hand, as I mentioned earlier, we did not make any optional prepayments of debt during the 
third quarter. 

We also included a reconciliation of GAAP net income to adjusted EBITDA in our press release. Adjusted EBITDA of 
our parent company using the credit facility definition for Q3 was approximately 364 million. 

Finally, let me take a moment to update you on our full-year 2010 financial guidance. Based on the results to date, we 
currently expect full-year 2010 adjusted revenue to be in the range of 2.8 to 2.85 billion. Offsetting the reduction in 
revenues are favorable adjustments to both SG&A and R&D expense guidance. 

We now expect SG&A to be in the range of 1.1 to 1.15 billion for the full-year and that's due primarily to the fact that 
we were able to complete a substantial portion of the P&G integration work ahead of schedule. 

In addition upon review of our R&D spending plans for the remainder of the year, we're anticipating full-year 2010 
spend to be slightly lower in the range of 140 million to 160 million. Let me be clear that this is generally the result of 
having a better view of the project timelines in spend and it's not concerns on the viability of ongoing projects. 

The result of these changes is an increase of our expected adjusted cash net income and adjusted cash net income per 
share. We now anticipate adjusted cash net income per share will be in the range of $3.35 to $3.45, assuming 255 
million diluted shares outstanding. Today's press release includes a detailed copy of our current full-year 2010 guidance 
expectations. It's worth spending a minute to talk about our revised guidance for 2010, and specifically the factors that 
came into play in revising our revenue estimate for the full-year and the fourth quarter. 

First, one of our major U.S. distributors announced a plan to reduce its target inventory levels for all products by 
roughly 7 days. We expect this to occur during Q4 and you can think of this as a structural and permanent contraction 
of pipeline inventories for our U.S. brands. Next, during Q3, we began to see what may be, what may be, emphasis on 
may be derivative impacts of health-care reform on portions of our U.S. business. For example, we saw filled 
prescriptions of certain of our products move from being covered as managed care RXs to being covered by managed 
Medicaid, same RXs but moving from a high-value sales bucket to a lower values bucket. As we've said in the past, 


under GAAP accounting – excuse me, revenue reserves, when we see a change to our actual experience in this case a 
higher level of rebates, the impact is more pronounced in the quarter in which we experience changes, in this case the 
third quarter. The change then continues on in the form of higher gross-to-net deductions in the future. 

Finally, as we've gained additional experience with the PGP products we have raised our forecasts for the reserves that 
impact gross-to-net sales of those products. A brief comment on how you might think about the changes in our 
guidance both to the revenue range and the reduction of expected operating costs as you look ahead to 2011 and 
beyond. I know, I've said it many times, beginning when we announced the acquisition of PGP, but 2011 versus 2010 
will be a challenging year for us in terms of revenue. Actonel will face [inaudible] competition in Western Europe 
beginning this quarter. Ex U.S. sales of Actonel year-to-date to September 30th were roughly 390 million, annualizing 
at more than $500 million per year. Those sales will be dramatically reduced in 2011 and beyond, and that will create a 
revenue hole that will be difficult to fill in 2011. But we have the good fortune to be launching two new products in 
early 2011, Atelvia and Lo Loestrin, and a bit of help from the recently acquired rights to Enablex. So when you think 
about 2011 revenue, you might think about a modest decline relative to our 2010 guidance range. 

Our cost structure is also coming into better focus. Our operating costs in 2011 should be free of the integration costs 
that we have and will continue to see flow through our P&L over the course of 2010. It's safe to say our aggregate 
operating expenses in 2011 should be down markedly. And by that I mean enough to overcome a modest decline in 
revenue enable us to grow up – grow at the operating line in 2011. With that, if I could open up the line for questions 
and answers. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Gary Nachman of Susquehanna. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Gary Nachman>: Hi, good morning. A few questions. First, Paul, how much did the sales related deductions in 
inventory draw downs impact the quarter in aggregate, which products contributed the most? Maybe if you could 
quantify that a little bit. And then as far as the drivers behind the sales deductions, you just gave a long list, but could 
you give us a sense of which ones impacted the quarter and going forward maybe more than some of the others? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, Gary, we're not going to get 
into a specific discussion of product-by-product items that degrade gross to net sales, but I'd just say that, we called out 
the sales related deductions in the quarter because across-the-board, if you think of our major marketed products, there 
was an impact in Q3 relative to Q2. So looking on a sequential basis, we saw each of those items that I called out, that 
had an impact on what we ended up reporting for Q3. And part and parcel that as I just articulated is that flows through 
into our guidance for the full-year 2010 and point of fact it influences our thinking for '11 and beyond. I would say that 
just as a general comment the acquired products from PGP were more impacted than legacy products, and that's a 
function of their – those are both products particularly Actonel with significant managed care components with specific 
government components. 

And so those were impacted to a greater degree. Interestingly, I will make one comment that relates to our loyalty 
cards. The change in the quarter was not like if you were to rank the things, loyalty cards were not at the top of that list. 
As I called out on Doryx, the net sales per RX for Doryx declined a bit from what they had been at the end of 2009, but 
not in a hugely significant way, not that $25 per RX is zero, but it's not – it wasn't like it deteriorated very substantially, 
this was not so much about cards, as it was about all of the factors that influenced gross to net, and I'm sorry I can't and 
won't be specific about specific products. 

<Q - Gary Nachman>: No, no, I understand, that color is actually a little helpful. So I appreciate that. And then, 
Roger, for the launch of Atelvia you said you're expanding the sales force now to 400 reps, why taking it up a little bit 
more, what are you seeing out there that makes you more comfortable with that? And what sort of feedback are you 
getting from formularies at this point, do you think it will be in the same position as Actonel, and how will the product 


be priced if you could comment on that? And then what's your expectation for taking share in the market, where that's 
going to come from? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: All right, Gary, easy question. I guess I'll 
work backward, the price will be the same price and every indication from our managed-care people is that it will be in 
the same formulary position as Actonel. So basically, it will be pass-through; wherever we had Actonel it will be same 
in the formulary position because indeed it will be the same price. And the issue with the sales force going to 400 is not 
the issue that we changed any, but I think the idea that could we get to 400, we've been preparing for Atelvia actually 
for the last year and getting the sales force up to speed. The other issue is it's going to be – not going to be the OBGYN 
sales force women's healthcare people promoting Atelvia, but it will be the primary care sales force who will target 
OBGYNs in the execution of Atelvia. 

So that's perhaps a little bit of a wrinkle. As for share, who do we – where are we going to get the share from – I think 
the big advantages of Atelvia probably the biggest opportunity for share growth would be obviously the Fosamax share 
of the market, which is over 50% because most of that has been genericized. But the issue here with risedronate is that 
we won't have any of the restrictions with you don't have to take it with food, the advantage here is that you can take it 
with food, and we do believe that a lot of the other bisphospophonates are currently being dosed with food and this 
should be a huge advantage to clinicians. Not that we're going to see a lot of people just – wholesalely taken off the old 
medication, but I do think we're going to dominate in the new start – piece of this market. 

<Q - Gary Nachman>: Okay. But you're still going to position the product more as a second line or do you think you 
could actually maybe get first-line in some cases? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: Well, it's got to be a first-line product 
because it's sad to say about 50% of use – what we've seen and in talking with clinicians and patients is they actually 
take this with a meal. So unfortunately, if the clinical endpoint here is BMD measurement and they don't figure it out 
until a year later that the product isn't being absorbed and you're not hitting your efficacy end point. I think most 
clinicians would agree this should be the first product taken because you don't have all the complications of trying to 
explain this to the patient and the fact is you can take, in fact, take it with the meal. 

<Q - Gary Nachman>: Okay. Thanks a lot, guys. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from David Buck of Buckingham Research. Please go ahead. 

<Q - David Buck>: Yes, thanks. A couple of quick ones for Paul. I know you're not going product-by-product, but can 
you give a sense of the trade inventories in aggregate what that impact was for the quarter in dollars? For Roger, can 
you talk about in the U.S. for next year whether you would expect to see with the Atelvia launch franchise growth so 
Actonel and Atelvia up versus 2010? And just have a follow-up after that, thanks. 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, David. It's Paul. I'll take the 
question with respect to the pipeline. But we're not going to tag a specific number. It's – suffice to say each one of the 
products where I called out that pipeline played a role, it played a role. I mean – an enough that we would call it out if it 
were immaterial, we wouldn't call it out. 

<Q - David Buck>: Okay. And the major distributor, what was the – what distributor was that? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: We're going to leave it up to them if 
they want to disclose what their business activities are, but it was a significant – it is a significant piece of ours and 
every other Pharma company's business. 

<Q - David Buck>: Okay. 


<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. It's a meaningful, meaningful 
callout and absolutely not something that we or anybody else can control. 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: On my side, I think, you've got to look at 
Atelvia, it's not the replacement for Actonel. In other words, our sense is that we're not going to try to convince – 
convert all the Actonel business to Atelvia. It is the primary bisphosphonate. It has advantages over all of the 
bisphosphonates, because in fact it is enteric-coated, it has a pH trigger, it has chelating agent, so that it eliminates a – 
potentially if you think about it, like when most people get up in the morning they have a cup of coffee. With any other 
bisphosphonate, you have that cup of coffee and you've blocked up to 90% of the absorption of the product. And you 
think about the clinician trying to explain this to patients, it's very difficult. Atelvia solves that issue, so we have – like 
everything else, you can't until you actually begin the promotion of product until we see uptick of the product, it is 
indeed very difficult to forecast. But we have a good feeling about Atelvia and a very positive attitude. I think it's going 
to have a significant impact in the marketplace next year. 

<Q - David Buck>: So just in terms of franchise growth, it sounds like you don't want to give a forecast at this point? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: Yeah, it gets kind of difficult. I mean, we – 
the history is like – I've told you this before, we never forecasted Lipitor right and we never got the nicotine patch right. 
Once you launch a product, you begin to get a better feel for that. 

<Q - David Buck>: Maybe just a follow up on Enablex. Can you give us a sense of what the sales would have been in 
the quarter, if you would book them for the full quarter? And where do you see that in terms of growth with your own 
promotion and maybe less reps than were on previously. 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, David, it's Paul. I mean, it 
brings up an interesting point which I can make hopefully for everybody. Say that the impact for – on revenue in 
expected impact for revenue on Q4 for Enablex is not materially different than it would have been if we had continued 
with the co-pro agreement. We are stepping into a new product which was managed by a third party and it's just not 
going to be material in Q4 in terms of like if you thought about it all of a sudden, gee, I've got this big pick up for sales 
in Q4. Not the case, we also need to establish all of the contour revenue reserves that essentially – I won't say wipe it 
out, but it's just not a big deal in terms of revenue in Q4. And let me just follow that on because there are two other 
pieces there that people will ask about similarly Roger just articulated at Atelvia, the expectation is that it has a very 
similar growth in that profile to Actonel. The sales even though, we will load stuff into the trade in Q4 are not material. 
Nor would you expect the Lo Loestrin load into the trade in Q4 to be big numbers. They are not just – they are not big 
numbers relative to all of our other brands in Q4. Does that sort of answer your question? 

<Q - David Buck>: Sort of. Yep. Thanks. 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: Thanks, David. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from David Risinger of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 

<Q - David Risinger>: Thanks very much, I have a number of questions. First of all, with respect to Atelvia versus 
Actonel can you discuss the abdominal pain? The label for Atelvia states that the pain is statistically greater but then, 
my understanding is if one looks at the absolute numbers, the absolute numbers are quite small, so that's my first 
question. 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: Yeah, maybe what you're looking at and 
you're quite right, and you've got to separate that with upper GI versus lower GI, and the fact is, is it clinically 
significant? Because you've got to remember this is a non-inferiority trial, and there is no placebo. We would guess that 
if you had a placebo effect and you subtract from what we call the drug-induced effect it would be even smaller. We do 
have two-year data and happy to say, when you look at the two-year data it looks like there is really no difference. So 


but the issue is, it is the way bullets what we're going to have live with, but we don't think it's a meaningful different. 

<Q - David Risinger>: Okay, thank you. And then, with respect to formulary changes for 2011, I was just wondering 
if you anticipate any important formulary changes that made your PBM's or health plans for your Asacol or Actonel 
franchises? 

<A - Paul Hereunder>: It's Paul, David. Yeah. I'll take that when I say I think that the only general comment we make 
is, it doesn't get better. Certainly as time goes on it's you see erosion of gross to net based on products and managed 
care. And so we just signaled to you that for the balance of 2010, and that during this quarter and expectation during 
Q4, you continue to see the impact of sales related deductions which is a meaningful part of which is how we view 
rebates and all are relative to the managed care programs. And so as we look ahead '11 and '12, '13 and even beyond 
with products where managed care is a significant component of the strategy, we would expect that to continue to 
erode. 

<Q - David Risinger>: Okay. And then my final question, Paul, is could you just update us on your negotiations 
regarding a new APA agreement with the IRS? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, it's a good question and also 
it's not just the IRS, we're now a global company where we have multiple countries into which we transfer price goods 
and we'd like to get clarity on as best we can and in all of those significant markets, so we embarked earlier this year on 
the process of one obtaining the U.S. update to our U.S. APA, which is obviously the most important. But also are 
negotiating with many of the major countries in which we do business around the globe, to try and understand and put 
math clarity around the transfer pricing into those countries. We are in the process with the IRS, it is not mandatory that 
we have an agreement in place by 12/31, so that we feel covered for 2011 and beyond. I've said this is a number of 
times, and now I'll say it again is, the hardest APA for any company to obtain is that first one, the service wants to see 
all essentially everything about your company and we were able to provide that, we're able to get the first one, and 
establish what is reasonable economics associated with transferring goods from external countries into the United 
States. 

As we look ahead to '11 and beyond, our expectation much like managed-care, it's not going to get better, however, we 
have a good starting place to be able to estimate what are appropriate economics for transfer pricing into the U.S., and 
that should work similarly in other jurisdictions over in Western Europe. So where we are in the process, we started the 
process and it is a very high priority item for us. We can move very quickly, our partner in those negotiations often 
can't move quite as quickly as we can. So we'll – we continue to make progress and hopefully will have something, 
sometime next year. 

<Q - David Buck>: Thanks very much. I appreciate it. 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: Thanks, David. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Chris Schott of J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Chris Schott>: Great, thanks. First question was on the Actonel franchise. It looks like the volumes for the entire 
bisphosphonate class remain under pressure, has that rate of decline surprised you, and do you think we're getting 
closer to a bottom for the overall market here? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: Well, it's interesting, we had a labeling 
change in osteoporosis products the bisphosphonate because of subtrochanteric fracture. But I do think we lack sort of 
the leadership in the franchise and interestingly enough you generally see bisphosphonate used in patients, who have 
had a fracture and then you get some religion around that. Around patients who haven't had a fracture and this is the 
younger group of women. And what I think is, is kind of interesting thing is we see less hormone replacement therapy 
and these are the women that use hormone replacement to prevent osteoporosis, but that group what are they taking? I 


think they are just taking straight calcium, but calcium doesn't have the benefit of the bisphosphonate. So even when 
we do a clinical trial with Atelvia, the placebo group gets calcium, yet we show tremendous efficacy. So I think in the 
shorter term, there probably are some label issues, labeling issues, but I think in the longer term, you're going to see 
growth of the use of these types of drug actually in the younger population, because they're not going to be taking 
hormone therapy. 

<Q - Chris Schott>: Great, thanks. And then if we look at SG&A less some of the smaller one-time deductions that 
were highlighted in the press release, I think you were about 240 million run rate this quarter? Could you help us 
understand the dynamics of the SG&A run rate going forward? First of all, should we think about any significant 
launch costs as you introduce two kind of major new products into the market in the first half of 2010? And sorry if I 
missed this, but how many more reps do you need to add to your various field forces at this point? Thanks. 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Chris, let me start with the, sort of 
the general theme around total SG&A expenses. We would expect that, as you're looking at '11 versus '10, you're going 
to see a significant contraction in total SG&A expenses. And that means even in light of the fact that we are launching 
two products in early 2011, we would expect aggregate SG&A to be lower, and lower by a good number. That's why 
we sort of called it out or I did in my earlier remarks. Within that we have been showing you the what we call the core 
G&A, and the last steps of the line item where you're going to see a lot of the synergies in '11 versus '10. We called that 
out, so you can just compare and it's pretty easy to pull apart, the transition services agreement, so severance costs and 
a fair chunk of external costs that we had specifically associated with the integration – these go away. 

And we continue to basically rationalize the entire business and the things that you need to think about as you're 
looking at '11 include not just those launch costs but also significant component and why I called it out separately in the 
selling line is the co-promotion expense with Sanofi for Actonel. As you look ahead, it was 66 million in the quarter, 
this quarter for Q3. As you look ahead to '11 a good chunk of that is tied to revenue on Actonel ex U.S. which is going 
to decline because of the genericization or the onset of generic competition for Actonel outside the U.S. So that number 
is going to contract as a function of the reduction in sales ex U.S. since a lot of things that are going to [inaudible] – 
and then with respect to the sales force I'll just cover it broadly at the macro level, we're going to add approximately 
150 territories from where we are now. That gives you a reasonable metric to able to forecast what the non-co-pro 
portion of the expense is in 2010 in the selling line. 

<Q - Chris Schott>: Perfect. 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: Some of that, we could point out – some of 
that we do have some PDI reps that are in place and they will be replaced... 

<A - Chris Schott>: Right. 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: ... by the, what we call a Warner 
Chilcott regular. 

<Q - Chris Schott>: Great. Thanks very much. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Elliot Wilbur of Needham & Co. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Elliot Wilbur>: Good morning. Roger, first question for you, just with respect to the launch of Lo Loestrin, 
looking at launches of low dose products historically in the category they have been rather cannibalistic maybe that's 
more specific to the circumstances of these products than what you're dealing with. But how should we think about the 
incremental impact of this versus cannibalizing the existing Loestrin franchise, and just in terms of what's the – which 
product is appropriate for which type of patient? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: It's a good question, Elliot, and I think 
we've got to put this in perspective, we – the 20 microgram product was introduced in 1973. And we basically had 20 


microgram products for the last 37 years and this is the first product that's less than 20 micrograms, and it's actually 
half of the 20-microgram product, and it provides the efficacy that's necessary. So you're going to have clinicians 
looking at this and they're going to – where do I place it in my practice? Because you've got to remember that the pill is 
the constant, the patient is the variable. I think some clinicians are going to look at this and say maybe this is a better 
alternative for my perimenopausal woman. And then you're going to have a patient selection where you're going to deal 
with people who think well, if my patient's going to be on product for five years, perhaps I should be using the lowest 
amount of estrogen. And you're going to have different patients are going to tolerate this in different ways. One 
women's breakthrough bleeding is another one's amenorrhea. We're really going to put it is as an option for the 
clinician to use the absolute lowest amount of estrogen. There is 50% less estrogen in here than the current 
20-microgram product. Some women are going to love this. Some clinicians are going to like to use this for older 
reproductive women and you're going to have a group that's going to be using it for new starts. At this particular 
moment, it's going to be a little difficult to try to figure out what impact this is going to have in the marketplace, 
because it's not really a replacement for Loestrin 24, it's truly a different option. 

<Q - Elliot Wilbur>: Okay, thanks. And then just back to your earlier commentary on Atelvia around abdominal pain, 
I'm just thinking about across the entire spectrum of GI related adverse events. I guess your commentary is probably 
going to be pretty much the same if you look outside of the label at different studies, the absolute incidence rates look 
pretty much similar, but you have a label that shows basically kind of a doubling to tripling of GI adverse events. 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: You talked about a product that's taken 
weekly and we do know that if – the weekly product is a 35 mg product, the daily product is 5 mg, of course everybody 
takes it weekly. And you would expect that if we give this product on a weekly basis, you're going to see higher GI side 
effects, which is what we see in weekly products. And you would expect on a monthly product that you'd even see it 
higher, because you're taking 150 mg as a bolus. But I think as we talk to clinicians, they do see this and you got to 
separate the difference between upper and lower. So if you see this product and then you look at upper GI, I think if 
you look numerically, you see lower – upper GI, which you would expect with a product that has, that's released in the 
small intestine. If you're going to see a side effect potentially, I know you'd see something like diarrhea if it's lower GI. 
But you got to remember, you're looking at the one-year data, we do have two-year data. And these differences seem to 
be minimized over the two-year data. And when you look at a daily product versus a weekly product, you are going to 
see some differences. 

<Q - Elliot Wilbur>: And then I have two questions for Paul as well. First, with respect to – Paul, could you give us a 
sense of what the total amortization expense is going to look like post the acquisition of Enablex? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: You're talking about for what 
period, for next year, for this year? 

<Q - Elliot Wilbur>: Yeah, I'm really thinking about more going forward, so to the extent you can or maybe just give 
us – maybe you could just sort of highlight how the Enablex asset is going to be amortized, maybe that would help us 
out. I'm trying to get sort of a sense of, on an annualized basis? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Sure, I'll tell you what, while my 
assistant here finds that statistic so perhaps we can give it to you and everyone else. Why don't you move on to your 
next question and we'll come back to that? 

<Q - Elliot Wilbur>: Sure. I mean, I guess just with respect to sort of your color around 2011 revenue expectations 
and sort of the prospect that you could be down year-over-year. I mean looking at the addition of Enablex, which had 
run rate roughly just under 200 million [audio gap] and Lo Loestrin and Atelvia ? I mean where do you – I mean in 
Street expectations obviously have revenue growing year-over-year off of a higher base than your new revised 2010 
guidance. So I guess the simple question is in looking around at consensus expectations, where do you think folks were 
kind of the most off? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: I mean, I will confess that, as we 
look at the 2011 and beyond stuff, in the aggregate and see where people are and part of the reason why we're trying to 


provide a little bit a color about what you should expect for '11 is that people were different than where we were and 
they were different not just in revenue, but also with respect to the costs and the operating costs associated with driving 
that revenue. But let me come back and deconstruct how you should, how you might think about a level. What we said 
is, we thought that you would see a modest, and focus around modest decrease in revenue in '11 v '10 that is driven by 
mainly the Actonel loss of exclusivity in Europe and I called out on an annualized basis that ex-U.S. Actonel business 
is over a $500 million business, which is going to see significant generic erosion in '11, that's a big hole. You can 
assign any percentage, as I say, not new, we've been talking about the fact that Actonel would face generic competition 
at the end of '10 and into '11, and '11 versus '10 would be a tough revenue year. Yet, despite the fact that we have said it 
over and over again, I actually did have some folks who said, gee I see the Atelvia Actonel franchise growing. We're 
trying to help people think about that Actonel and then the Actonel plus Atelvia franchise and what we're saying is 
relative to the revised expectation for '10, we would expect 2011 to see revenue to be down modestly relative to our 
revised guidance. Yes, you have a product enabler launching and is a proxy. you hit it on the head it's about a $200 
million annual run rate asset, however we were already in the position where within our P&L under the co-pro 
agreement, we were recognizing some 40% of that number already in our P&L, so it's not for the impact of the full 200 
million in the second, you also called out, which is the right way to think about it, we are launching Atelvia and we are 
launching LO LO and we would expect the combination of LO LO, Atelvia, full year of Enablex, some growth within 
our other branded products that are in our P&L in 2010 to help us offset most of but perhaps not all of the hole that we 
will have from the generic entrants against Actonel ex-U.S. Looks like amortization for 2011 is in the ballpark with 
$600 million, in answer to your first question? 

<Q - Elliot Wilbur>: All right, thanks for taking my questions. 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Gregg Gilbert of Bank of America. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Gregg Gilbert>: Thanks, good morning. I'm sorry, I wanted to go back to trade inventory levels, Paul. And just 
want to make sure you're okay with not providing more granularity. It sounds like there was de-stocking in 3Q, but you 
don't want to tell how much or where. It sounds like 4Q there will be de-stocking tied to one large customer, by the way 
we haven't heard many others talk about that, so I want to understand is that in the context of an IMA or lack of an 
IMA. And also sounds like gross-to-net is going in the wrong direction not just for your products, but probably the 
whole industry. So can you summarize for us in light of 3Q, how much inventory changed the sales picture versus 
growth? And then I just think, it's really important for us to all have a better understanding as we head into the new 
year. We know sales are going to be down, but we want to understand the dynamics a little bit better. 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. There was a – as we called it 
out in Q3 and we also referenced it as part and parcel of our Q – our full-year 2010 guidance. Yeah, there is contraction 
of pipeline inventories. That is in the context of an agreement that we have with a significant distributor. I would expect 
that they're doing the same thing with other parties and whether or not it's of a nature that they feel they need to call it 
out, we felt it was large enough to absolutely call it out and say this is going to impact us in Q4, and point of fact 
impact us for the full year. Why others don't call it out, I can't speak to, but certainly our guidance includes – or our 
revised guidance for '10 and a little bit of color that I've given for '11, includes what we think will go on with respect to 
pipeline inventories and the continued erosion of gross-to-net that not just we are seeing, but I think, other people are 
seeing as well. 

<Q - Gregg Gilbert>: So the 3Q inventory issues are the same thing, are related to what you expect in 4Q with that 
one large wholesaler? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. It's not specifically related to 
that one large wholesaler – it's as I say almost every call, there are ebbs and flows, we had – for example in this quarter, 
we had an expansion, I think I called out an expansion on the Actonel side, and it's an expansion you always talk about 


relative to whatever period that you're looking at. If it's sequential, it's relative to Q2. 

<Q - Gregg Gilbert>: Right. 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Oh, you're just saying, we had an 
expansion there, but in most of it – essentially every other product, you saw contraction relative to either prior year or 
to the sequential quarter and it was enough that we felt compelled to call it out. I say, we can't, especially when you talk 
about quarters, we don't really try to predict when the ebbs and flows will occur. We can't really predict the timing of 
those, but the greater the period you're looking at, for example, if you're looking 2010, these things tend to sort 
themselves out, except for structural changes like a major distributor telling you that they're going to reduce by seven 
days. Seven days is a lot, when they're carrying less than 30 days inventory already. 

<Q - Gregg Gilbert>: So the bottom line is when we head into next year you should be at "normal" levels. Is that fair? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, that is fair. 

<Q - Gregg Gilbert>: Okay. And then, given the importance of your tax structure, can you at least put some goalposts 
around the potential impact of the Puerto Rico issues you highlighted, and also comment on any potential changes in 
Ireland that you're keeping an eye on from that standpoint? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, let me cover Ireland first. I 
mean, one of the reasons why we are in Ireland is that, because they have the kind of stability around their tax structure 
and in corporate governance and all those good things that make us comfortable being there and being there for the 
long term. 

With respect to what went on in Puerto Rico, I called it out because Puerto Rico is important to us. And we have two 
facilities there, we have a very significant entity there, that is a significant part of our both our tax structure, but also 
our global supply chain. And this change that occurred over the weekend there, two weekends back, it will impact us, it 
does impact us. And the question is, to what degree? As I made my comments about thinking about 2011 and thinking 
about whether or not at the operating line, by the way an excise tax would be not in your tax line, but will be captured 
in your G&A or non income tax type things would get picked off is even at that operating line, what I said was modest 
decrease in revenue, contraction of operating expenses able to drive growth of operating earnings in 2011 v '10. And 
that includes what we estimate, we estimate is the impact, potential impact of what's going on down in Puerto Rico. 
We're going to work on it and when we have clarity around it, we'll let people know, but suffice it to say we need to 
address it and I think we will. 

<Q - Gregg Gilbert>: Thank you. And lastly for Roger. Do you care to make any comments about your Actonel once 
monthly product and possible lifecycle management there? I know you expect Atelvia to do well versus the monthly 
products, but wanted to know if you had any comments to make about any lifecycle management with that product 
specifically. Thanks. 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: Fine, Gregg I hope it affects all our monthly 
products. The fact is, the reason that you have a monthly product is to avoid the fasting. You only avoid the fasting 
once a month, I know that was the deal from going daily. I know the daily product basically out of the market because 
who could fast everyday and not have a glass of orange juice or a cup of coffee before they take their medication. So 
then the weekly product came out and everybody said, "Oh! this is a great advantage," because they only have to fast 
every week. Then the monthly product was an advantage, because now I have to fast only once a month. Now we see 
Atelvia taking this all up, because in Atelvia you don't have to fast, you can take it with your cup of coffee. And their 
definition of breakfast here is anything from a cup of coffee to a full meal. So I think it does have huge advantages 
there and it has a potential to cannibalize also the monthly product. 

<Q - Gregg Gilbert>: Thank you. 

Operator 


Our next question comes from Michael Tong of Wells Fargo. Please go-ahead. 

<Q - Michael Tong>: Thanks. Paul, just one clarification if I could. So if you – if the customer's inventory reduction of 
seven days were not there in the fourth quarter. The way you'd look at it is right now where you are with all your 
products, you're essentially where you need to be from a trade inventory level perspective. Is that the right way to think 
about it? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yes, Michael, that is entirely fair. I 
mean, we operate under IMA's with all the big guys and so we know what's out there at any moment in time and it's 
helpful to us to understand what actually happens ebbs and flows. So yeah, we are where we need to be, we're not 
sitting here with an issue in our pipeline, we're sitting here, seeing the normal expansions and contractions, and in Q3, 
mainly contractions except with respect to Actonel in pipeline inventories. And then looking ahead, yes this one 
structural thing that we called out, you need to think about that, as we do. 

<Q - Michael Tong>: Okay, that's great. Thank you. 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Thanks, Michael. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from John Boris with Citi Investment Research. Please go ahead. 

<Q - John Boris>: Good morning, guys and thanks for taking the questions. Just one for Roger, prioritization of the 
use of cash going forward didn't pay much debt, but obviously there was the Enablex deal. Are there other Enablexes 
out there on the horizon and how you're thinking about business development relative to paying down debt? And then I 
have follow a up for Paul. 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: Yeah, it's interesting. We wanted to have at 
least some flexibility. You've got to remember that Enablex was part and parcel of the P&G deal. So that, we had done 
the P&G and we picked up , we've had some co-promo with Sanofi which we sort of cleaned up a little bit better. And 
we've had this piece with Novartis and instead of dividing up the asset, we were able to acquire the asset, which makes 
a lot of sense. In that note, we wanted to have some cash on the balance sheet in case these things do occur, their 
probability of occurring – I wish, I could tell you that, we knew that how and when this is going to happen, but we 
don't. But we also, we don't plan acquisitions into and going forward into our guidance. So anything that we do would 
be incremental to our current guidance, but I got to tell you it really is, it is a tough environment out there if you think 
you're going to make a life on acquiring products that are going to fit into your portfolio and there are – there is just not 
that many companies out there selling these types of assets. All we're doing is just trying to be flexible that if we can 
into a deal, we can act quickly. 

<Q - John Boris>: Thanks for that. And Paul, you indicated one of the other variables on the lower revenue guidance 
was the derivative impact from healthcare reform from change of managed care to managed Medicaid. Just give a little 
bit more color on possibly the percent of business that saw the shift and the products impacted? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, I mean it was actually – I'll 
call it one of our legacy products just for presentation is Loestrin 24 where it's not a managed care product for us – it's a 
product where we don't go out and pay the freight in order to be able to be on managed Medicaid plans. And we had a 
number of prescriptions that had been as I – similar to what I called out in my prepared remarks that were being filled 
at a pretty high gross- to- net level where those same scripts moved into a managed Medicaid plan where they now are 
able to avail themselves of the same pricing as if they were going directly to the state. And it was not just a reasonable 
number, but also remember that anytime that you have a change in your rebate experience, which we did, you kind of 
get hit for five thirds of that in that period during which you see a change. And so that's an example of states getting 
more aggressive and making sure they're getting the best price. I think everybody out there is looking for ways to 
reduce their expenditures and on this is particular case, it got us in an interesting way where we didn't actually have 
deals with the plans and now we're paying the lowest possible. Hello? 


<Q - John Boris>: I'm still here. 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Okay. Just on the line. Operator? 
Allie? This has never happened to me. Okay. There we go. So we did see – we would expect to continue to see that 
anybody out there that has the ability to come back and push us into a place where we're going to see more gross-to- net 
degradation, you're going to see it, not just us. 

<Q - John Boris>: Okay. Thanks for that. And then, just to hop back to the APA agreements that David was talking 
about, I know it's probably tough to put a timeframe on when you'll get the first one in place, but any idea what inning 
you're in on potentially getting that first one in place? 

<A - Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, to be clear, we have the first 
one in place that covers us through the end of 2010. That was – I mean, that would have been by far on a difficulty 
scale, that's the hardest one to get, we got it. We know exactly what the economics are of our goods transfer price into 
the U.S. and in the absence of a new agreement; I'd dare say that that provides a reasonable basis for us to continue on 
into 2011. I mean how was '11 any different than '10 versus '09 or '08. So we continue to look for – or excuse me – to 
advance the ball on the process, but we can't comment on how we're doing, where it's a high priority for us, so we liked 
to have it in place. And I hope we'll have it place by the end of '11. 

<Q - John Boris>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from David Buck from Buckingham Research. Please go ahead. 

<Q - David Buck>: Yeah, just to follow-up on the launch cost for Atelvia and I guess for some extent for Lo Loestrin. 
Can you talk about whether you are going to be using direct to consumer advertising and any planned large 
expenditures in the A&P line or is it going to be mostly the selling expense and the new sales reps? Thanks. 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: Yeah, David, there's an element of DTC in 
both the Atelvia and the Lo Loestrin, simply because of awareness. Most of that DTC will be confined to probably the 
launch quarter and I think with the – and what – we do see a benefit of DTC is getting the word out, the fact that the 
product is available, but it's not going to be a sustained spend. 

<Q - David Buck>: And just a follow-up for Roger. On the two-year data you talked about for abdominal pain, what's 
the process or the plan to add that to the label to perhaps to change the labeling on abdominal pain? 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: It's been submitted to the FDA. 

<Q - David Buck>: Okay. 

<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: And it's considered data on file, so it can be 
used in promotion material. 

<Q - David Buck>: Okay. Thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from David Windley of Jefferies. Please go ahead. 

<Q - David Windley>: Hi, thanks for taking the questions. Just one more on Actonel in Europe, are you making 
assumption or is your assumption that you will see for Actonel a different experience in terms of generic erosion than is 
typical? Is there a difference in say mix of countries or class of drugs that causes you to think your erosion will be more 
swift, or are you assuming a pretty typical erosion? 


<A - Roger M. Boissonneault, Chief Executive Officer and President>: Hi, it's Roger. You answered the question; 
it's not a European experience. It's a country-by-country experience. We would expect to see the erosion similar to the 

U.S. If it were to occur in the U.S., generic erosion in the UK and Germany, you're going to see less of the impact of 
the erosion in the Southern European countries; we have a slower attrition rate. But just then again, every year you have 
to bring down your price. So your gross margin is going to get contracted a bit, but it will sustain itself for a period of 
time. I think the other thing that you have to understand in the European setting, there are some opportunities to move 
the franchise. In Europe, we have the 75-milligram, which is two days out of the month that can be used in some other 
countries like France and Spain. We have a combination progress with calcium which really doesn't get hit with the 
generic. So there's – the word depending on the country, depending on what the strategy is, there are some alternative 
strategies that sort of ameliorate the pain. 
<Q - David Windley>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

And I'm showing no further questions at this time. 

Paul Herendeen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Well, yes, thank you all. It's Paul. Thanks for joining our call. While I know that 2010 is not over yet, we've already 
had quite a year and it's worth summarizing it for you. First, the accomplishment that people take for granted, but it 
would be a big deal if we had dropped the ball. We have completed a large portion of the integration of PGP business. 
And I can see evidence of this in our reporting operating expenses, and we now have all of our units up and running on 
Warner Chilcott system, that's a big deal. 

Next and very exciting to us, we obtained the FDA approval for those two new products, Atelvia and Loestrin, and 
we're gearing up to launch those in the beginning of 2011. Following the launch of Atelvia it will be sold in the U.S. 
pursuant to the terms of our collaboration agreement with Sanofi, as we amended it earlier this year. So we're very 
excited about that. 

Next, we completed the leverage recap and we delivered significant value to our shareholders while leaving the 
company with adequate access to capital to allow us to pursue future business development opportunities. Then we 
acquired Enablex, a brand that fits very well with our strategy and provides us with a foundation in the urology space. 

Finally, we've gained more comfort around the exclusivity of several of our key products via the settlement of patent 
challenges to Loestrin 24 and the FDA's response to citizen's petition for Asacol. So we think we've had quite an 
eventful Q3. As we look ahead, if you take the loss of the exclusivity for Actonel outside the U.S. out of the equation. 
We believe that our core business is in very good shape and as we look to 2011 and beyond. We look forward to our 
next call and thank you very much for participating. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen that does conclude today's conference. You may now disconnect and have a wonderful day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 


or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2010, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


