Q4 2006 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• John Mackey, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
Other Participants 

• John Heinbockel 
• Edward Aaron 
• A.C. Gallo 
• Gregory Badishkanian 
• Glenda Chamberlain 
• Mark Wiltamuth 
• Mark Miller 
• Meredith Adler 
• Walter Robb 
• Andrew Wolf 
• Michael Sesko 
• Lee Valkenaar 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day ladies and gentlemen. [Operator Instructions] Please note today's call may be recorded. Later there will be an 
opportunity to ask questions during our Q&A session. And at this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Mr. John 
Mackey. Go ahead, sir. 

John Mackey, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Good afternoon. Joining me today are Walter Robb and A.C. Gallo, Co-Presidents and Chief Operating Officers; 
Glenda Chamberlain, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Jim Sud, Executive Vice President of 
Growth and Development; Lee Valkenaar, Executive Vice President of Global Support; and Cindy McCann, Vice 
President of Investor Relations. 

First for the legalities; the following constitutes a Safe Harbor statement under the Private Securities Litigation Reform 
Act of 1995. Except for the historical information contained herein, the matters discussed in this press release are 
forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties which could cause our actual results to differ materially 
from those described in the forward looking statements. These risks include but are not limited to general business 
conditions, the timely development and opening of new stores, the impact of competition, and other risks detailed from 
time to time in the Company's SEC reports, including the reports on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 25, 
2005. The Company does not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements. 

Our press release is now available on our website at www.wholefoodsmarket.com along with the scripted portion of 
this call and additional supplemental financial data. 


I am hoping you have all had a chance to read our press release which is very comprehensive. Please note our income 
statement includes our reported numbers under GAAP as well as a reconciliation to adjusted non-GAAP numbers for 
the quarter and the year for 2005 and 2006. These adjusted results exclude the share-based compensation charges 
related to the accelerated vesting as well as the Katrina credits this year and the Katrina charges last year. As our 
adjusted EPS results were in line with expectations, we will not repeat all of the information included in our release. 

Our sales for the fourth quarter increased 16% to $1.3 billion. Average weekly sales for all stores were 584,000, 
translating to sales per square foot of $880. 

We opened four stores, including one relocation. As expected, three stores opened late in the quarter. 

Our comparable store sales grew 8.6% on top of a 13.4% increase in the prior year. Year over year, our average 
transactions per week increased 4% to 3.1 million and our average basket size increased 4% to $32.50, in line with our 
comp breakout last quarter. 

We are very proud of our 19% sales growth and 11% comps for the fiscal year. While we have always produced strong 
comps, the last three years of consecutive double-digit comps averaging 12.9% have been well above our historical 
9.5% average. 

Last quarter, we reported 9.9% comps, our first comp below double digits in 10 quarters. This was on top of a 15.2% 
comparison in the prior year, so our 25.1% two-year comp was actually higher than it had been in the first and second 
quarters. 

In the fourth quarter, we produced an 8.6% comp on top of a 13.4% comparison in the prior year. This was a 310 basis 
point sequential decline in our two-year comp to 22%, which was our lowest two-year comp in nine quarters. We have 
seen a further decline in comps so far in the current fiscal year. Our comps for the last five weeks have averaged 6.8% 
on top of a 13.6% increase in the prior year. 

It is hard to draw a lot of conclusions from such a short timeframe, particularly given certain holiday shifts which have 
caused wide fluctuations in our weekly comp. However, because this is a continuation of the downward trend we have 
been experiencing, we wanted to give you some additional insight to help explain our comp guidance for the fiscal year 
of 6 to 8%. 

There is a long list of factors which affect our comps positively and negatively. Some that we believe have had a 
positive influence include health, demographic, and wealth trends which have driven increased awareness and adoption 
of a natural and organic lifestyle as well as an appreciation for higher quality and ethnic foods. The combination of the 
expanding market for natural and organic products as well as our success has led to increased media and PR attention 
which has certainly helped raise the awareness of the Whole Foods Market brand and has driven sales at both our new 
and existing stores. Other important positive factors affecting comps include our strong store-level execution, several 
blockbuster new stores and relocations, and our overall fiercely competitive nature. 

When we first started producing double-digit comps back in fiscal 2004 with the Southern California labor strike, we 
believed that once the strike ended, we would revert back to our historical mean. However, after we had produced our 
fifth consecutive quarter of double-digit growth, or double digits on top of double digits, and continued to see strong 
trends in both new and existing stores, it was harder to say when or why that reversion was going to happen. 

We now believe that reversion is occurring and that the pendulum may swing to the low side of or even below our 
historical mean for some period of time. While we cannot state conclusively why our comp trends have changed, we 
believe it is most likely the result of many factors including the simple math of so many quarters of compounding 
double-digit comps, heightened competition, fewer relocations in some quarters, a higher degree of cannibalization, as 
well as the continuing impact of Hurricane Katrina. 

The bottom line is that we know we have a loyal base of core customers who consider shopping at our stores an 
essential part of their lifestyle, but it appears that through our outperformance over the last few years, we have raised 
the bar so high that we can't continue to jump over it at the same rate. 


We remain highly confident in our business model and our growth strategy. Our company is much stronger today than 
it was a year ago, and we believe it will be even stronger in the future. Here are some of the reasons why. 

One, our new stores are producing strong sales from day one and the majority of them are profitable soon after opening. 

Two, we have 88 stores in development and continue to sign leases for exciting new stores which will fuel our growth 
for many years to come. In fiscal year 2006, we opened 13 stores totaling 650,000 square feet and in fiscal year 2007, 
we expect to exceed that and open more stores than we have ever opened in any 12-month period in our history. 

Three, we will accelerate our sell-side innovation over the next two years as we continue to redefine the marketplace 
and further differentiate our stores and customer experience from the competition. 

Four, we are better positioned from a value and price perspective than we have ever been. Our buy-side initiatives are 
continuing to deliver opportunities to make us more price competitive. We are leveraging our global buying power to 
the benefit of our customers. 

Five, our private label SKU count increased 21% year over year to just under 1,800 SKUs, and our private label sales 
increased to 17% of our total grocery and Whole Body sales, or to 8% of all retail sales. We have doubled the resources 
on our private label team and expect private label to grow to a much higher percentage of our sales over time. For these 
reasons and many others, we remain highly confident and bullish about our future. 

Returning to a discussion of the fourth quarter, we opened three stores in Redmond, Washington; Los Altos, California; 
and Milwaukee, Wisconsin; and relocated one of our Harry's Farmers Market stores in Atlanta to a new location under 
the Whole Foods Market brand name. We ended the quarter and year with 186 stores and approximately 6.4 million 
square feet in operation. 

Our new stores, including two relocations, were 33 weeks old at the end of Q4, averaged 52,000 square feet in size, 
produced average weekly sales of $550,000 in the quarter and had sales per square foot of $549. 

In fiscal year 2005 we opened 15 new stores, and this year we opened 13 new stores. We don't have a cookie-cutter 
store design or real estate strategy in terms of size or market type, which is reflected in these new stores which range in 
size from 35,000 to 78,000 square feet and were in markets as diverse as Omaha, Nebraska to New York City. 

Our new store productivity metrics are going to vary quarter to quarter and year over year depending on the particular 
mix of new stores being compared. This isn't necessarily a signal of any improving or declining trends in sales 
productivity but rather just a reflection that due to the small sample size being compared in a particular quarter, any 
significant outliers on the positive or negative end can have a big impact on the average results. On average, our new 
stores continue to outperform our sales projections and are profitable on a four wall basis in their first year. In fact, 
many are actually profitable on day one. 

So far in the first quarter, we have opened two stores in West Orange, New Jersey and Tigard, Oregon and plan to open 
a store in Seattle, Washington next week and relocate a store in Dallas, Texas in early December. We are excited to see 
our new store openings start to accelerate. A few expected 2007 store openings that we would like to highlight include 
our first Whole Foods Market store in London opening in June, which will be our largest store across the company; our 
fourth New York City location, a 66,000 square foot store at Bowery and Houston opening in the spring; two 
large-format stores in the Los Angeles area: a 50,000 square foot store in Manhattan Beach and a 60,000 square foot 
relocation in Tustin; a 66,000 square foot store in Fairfax, Virginia; and a relocation of our 24,000 square foot 
Cupertino store to a much larger 63,000 square foot location, which will be our first large-format store in the San 
Francisco Bay area. 

Our new store pipeline continues to increase with today's announcement of eight new store leases with expected 
opening dates through 2010. We now have 88 stores under development totaling just under five million square feet or 
76% of our existing square footage. These stores average 56,000 square feet in size and include 18 relocations and 21 
new markets. 


We believe we have significant growth opportunities ahead of us. None of our current markets are saturated. The top 
markets allow for a dense concentration of stores and the majority are still underserved. The success we are seeing in 
some of our new markets indicates there are a lot of opportunities in secondary markets, and we are very excited about 
what lies ahead in terms of international expansion. 

We recently announced that we have extended our long-term relationship with United Natural Foods as our primary 
supplier of dry grocery and frozen food products. This seven year agreement will allow us to concentrate our capital 
and resources on executing on our new store development pipeline as well as focus our internal distribution efforts 
around key perishable departments including produce, prepared foods, bakery, seafood, and meat. 

I will now turn to our growth goals for fiscal 2007 and beyond. Please refer to our press release for more detailed 
guidance information. Please note that fiscal year 2007 will be a 53-week year with 16 weeks in the first quarter, 12 
weeks in the second and third quarters, and 13 weeks in the fourth quarter. 

For fiscal year 2007, on a 52-week to 52-week basis, we now expect total sales growth of 13 to 17% and are initiating 
comparable store sales growth guidance of 6 to 8%. 

In the first quarter, we have already opened two stores representing approximately 108,000 square feet and all of our 13 
tendered stores, representing approximately 690,000 square feet, are expected to open this fiscal year. Just to clarify, 
the tender date is the date we gain access to the site and can begin the construction process. With the release of our first 
quarter results in mid-February, we expect to announce five additional store tenderings for openings in fiscal 2007, 
translating to expected total year-over-year ending square footage growth of approximately 16%. 

Given our lowered sales growth expectations, we now expect growth in operating income before pre-opening and 
relocation costs to be in line with or slightly lower than our sales growth. 

We expect total pre-opening and relocation costs for fiscal year 2007 to be in the range of 68 million to $74 million. 
This significant year-over-year increase is due primarily to the anticipated acceleration in leases tendered and square 
footage opening in fiscal years 2007 and 2008, including the opening of 18 to 20 new stores this fiscal year. 
Approximately 18 million to $24 million of the total pre-opening relates to stores expected to open in fiscal year 2008. 
These ranges are based on estimated tender dates which are subject to change. 

We expect significantly higher than average pre-opening expense in fiscal year 2007 of approximately $7 million 
related to our first Whole Foods Market store in London. Excluding this store, we expect total pre-opening and 
relocation expense for stores opening in fiscal 2007 to average approximately $2.4 million per store. This is higher than 
the average for stores that opened in fiscal year 2006 due primarily to higher accelerated depreciation related to 
relocations. On an average weekly basis, we expect quarterly pre-opening and relocation expense to be fairly even 
throughout the fiscal year. We expect our materially higher pre-opening and relocation costs to significantly impact our 
fiscal year 2007 diluted earnings per share growth. 

We hope we have given enough information to communicate that we believe our long-term growth story is very much 
intact and that our management team is very bullish about fiscal 2007 and beyond. After producing such strong growth 
over the last three years, we believe fiscal 2007 will be a transition year for us. 

As we revert back to our historical comparable store sales growth range without yet producing a fully offsetting 
increase in sales from new stores, we believe our total sales growth will be impacted. However, having opened six new 
stores over the last two months, we believe we are just beginning to execute on delivering an acceleration in store 
openings that will drive strong sales and comps in the not so distant future. 

We encourage our shareholders to stay focused on the long term. We are constantly evolving, innovating and maturing 
and have a demonstrated track record of competing, executing and delivering strong results. 

Whole Foods Market is about much more than just selling 'commodity' natural and organic products. We are a lifestyle 
retailer and have created a unique shopping environment built around satisfying and delighting our customers. Our 
stores feature over 30,000 natural and organic SKUs and our emphasis on the highest quality perishables, which are just 
under 70% of our sales and gradually increasing, broadens our appeal beyond the core natural and organic food 


customer. 

We adhere to the highest quality standards and our empowerment culture comprised of 90% full-time team members 
fosters continual improvement and innovation. We are the leader, not a follower, and we walk our talk when it comes 
to our quality standards and our commitment to the environment. It is because of this commitment that our core 
shoppers shop with us, and when crossover shoppers make a true conversion, they tend to trade up to Whole Foods 
Market as we are seen as the authentic healthier lifestyle retailer of natural and organic products. 

Our business model is very successful and continues to benefit all of our stakeholders. We are executing at a high level, 
continuing to produce much higher sales, comps and sales per square foot than any of our competitors. 

Given our strong historical sales growth, record store development pipeline, and anticipated acceleration in store 
openings, we believe we are well positioned to achieve our goal of $12 billion in sales in the year 2010. Over the longer 
term, however, we believe the sales potential for Whole Foods Market is much greater than $12 billion as the market 
continues to grow and as our brand continues to strengthen. 

Operator, we'll now take questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Certainly sir. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the site of John Heinbockel with Goldman Sachs. 
Go ahead, please. 

<Q - John Heinbockel>: Hey John, you talked about spurring additional differentiation in the stores, given what a 
good job you guys do. What are you thinking about there in terms of is it product, is it layout, is it service? How do you 
take it to another level? 

<A - John Mackey>: Well, gosh John, I do not want to – we assume our competitors are listening in on the call, so we 
don't want to tip you off on all of our innovations before we launch them, but we will be announcing some new product 
strategies in January that we think are very exciting that we think our customers are going to be very excited about. We 
are continuing to innovate in the layouts of the store. You will see that in some of the openings that occur this year. So 
we are innovating in products. We are innovating in layout, and we are innovating in services given to the customers. 
We are also going to do some tremendous innovation in the next year in terms of our website. So they are very exciting, 
and a year from now, if you remind me, we can talk about what they were and you can tell me whether you think they 
were good innovations or not. 

<Q - John Heinbockel>: Just as a follow up, if you look at the oldest 80 stores, the 8 years old and older stores, and 
we talked about this in the past in terms of reaching capacity and the comps have dipped a little bit although they are 
still very good, are they finally hitting capacity and how many of those 80 are going to get relocated in the next 
whatever – 5, 6, 7 years? 

<A - John Mackey>: I think we have what was it, 16 stores we have? 

<A>: 18. 

<A - John Mackey>: 18 stores in development right now are relocations, John, so that's almost 20. It's almost a quarter 
of the total of those 80 stores are in the process of being relocated. I mean I think over time probably all of them will. 
I'd relocate them all in the next year if we had locations for them. So we are relocating the smaller, older stores to larger 
stores. I think that will be positive for our comps over the long term. 

<Q - John Heinbockel>: Are they hitting capacity now? What do you think? 

<A - John Mackey>: You know, I mean I'd like to say that because it's a partial explanation for the slowdown in 
comps. But I've always been amazed at some of these stores that I thought had reached capacity kept trending upwards. 


So, it's an easy way out but I'm not going to take it. Obviously, it's harder to jam customers into a smaller store that 
don't have as much parking. That certainly is a factor but I think we could get more customers in there if we had to. 

<Q - John Heinbockel>: Okay, thanks. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the site of Ed Aaron with RBC. Go ahead, please. 

<Q - Edward Aaron>: Thanks, hi. I was hoping you could comment on the experience that you're having with the 
larger stores that you've opened up in more, what you might call secondary markets, both in terms of how you think the 
sales growth curve is tracking and then also I wanted to get your sense on how you manage the labor in some of those 
stores. I'm assuming that when you go into some of these markets, there's just initially less awareness to both who you 
are and what you sell and I was just wondering if that in any way affects either labor availability or labor productivity. 

<A - John Mackey>: You know, it's hard to generalize about it because we've had one or two stores that haven't 
opened quite as well as we hoped they would. But, those are really the exceptions. Most of the ones we've opened in 
the more suburban areas have outperformed our expectations. So, I mean a larger store is going to have a higher 
breakeven. It's going to have a higher labor cost and we are depending on those stores to comp at a strong level. I mean, 
our model is based on those stores comping and growing over extended period of time. 

<Q - Edward Aaron>: Do you think that the comps are better later in the store's life than earlier compared to some of 
the other stores? 

<A - John Mackey>: One thing that's changed is that it used to be, I would say that for about 25 years of our existence, 
we seemed to fly under the radar screen and we didn't seem to get that much media attention. And then over the last 
few years, I think dating from the Columbus Circle opening in New York, all of a sudden we got a lot of national media 
attention and just about any new market we opened a store up, it started extremely well. And it got to a higher sales 
volume quicker than used to be the case. And so, the so called J-curve was a little bit, our experience on it was a little 
bit steeper. Stores start a little faster, they trade off of that starting point over the first month or so, and then it takes a 
little longer to climb back up to the opening volumes. So, that depresses comps a little bit but it improves the overall 
profitability of a new store because it's starting out at a higher sales volume. So, that is one change. 

But, I can't say that necessarily we expect a store to comp higher later in its life. I expect it to comp higher earlier in its 
life. It's got a lower base to comp from and the discovery process for new customers is greater in the first couple of 
years. So that's been our – there are exceptions to that, but in general the highest comps will be in year 2, the next 
highest in year 3, and so forth and so on as it ages. 

<Q - Edward Aaron>: Okay, and then on the labor side? 

<A - John Mackey>: Labor starts out high. It starts out at a much higher percentage as the store opens up because the 
productivity of the labor isn't as high. The team members take a while to go down the learning curve, and the sales – 
we're a very high service store so we have to staff the stores up whether the volume's there or not. And then obviously 
as the volume grows, the productivity of that labor increases sharply, both because they're becoming more skilled but 
also because sales are going up and their sales per labor hour are going up as a result. But there is no question that a 
new store has higher labor costs. It also has lower gross margins. There's more spoilage, just because again, the product 
turnover is lower. 

<Q - Edward Aaron>: But the secondary 


<A - John Mackey>: That's the economics of the Whole Foods business model. 

<Q - Edward Aaron>: But just one last follow-up and I'll turn it over. But secondary versus primary markets on the 
labor side, is the experience similar or different? 


<A - John Mackey>: I don't know. Walter and A.C., do you guys have any color on that? I don't see that it's 
significantly different. I mean labor costs are a little different, but so are some other factors. Rent is a lot lower usually 
in the secondary markets and labor costs – the sales volume in the store might be a little lower but the labor cost on a 
per hour basis is also lower. 

<A - A.C. Gallo>: I'll add, this is A.C. I'll add something to that. You know, throughout our history whenever we've 
opened up a store, even when we were opening up smaller stores, they would open up at lower volumes and we would 
have – labor would be high at first and then it would come down as the store matured. And it wasn't until possibly years 
2, 3, 4 that we really got labor down to where it pretty much stays. I think it's just – it's a similar thing that happens, just 
on a bigger scale. The stores have more labor but they start up at higher volume and then they work themselves down 
in a similar fashion. 

As far as a secondary versus a prime market, I think when we open up a store that's in – say quite a distance from any 
other store, initially it may take more labor because we're having to supply some extra labor for training and to get 
people up to speed and we have to bring people in from say other stores whereas when you open up in your existing 
market, you can get a lot of experienced people to come over. So sometimes initially labor might be a little bit higher, 
but once you get past that initial period, it's very similar to any other store. It's really based on the amount of sales 
you're doing per the size of the store and how efficient you can be with the labor. 

<Q - Edward Aaron>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the site of Greg Badishkanian with Citigroup. Go ahead, please. 

<Q - Gregory Badishkanian>: Great, thank you. If you were to maybe prioritize the one or two biggest reasons why 
you think your comps are going to revert to the mean and are to some extent, and I just have a follow-up question from 
there. 

<A - John Mackey>: You know, Greg, we indicated this in the press release and the script, but just like when our 
comps were in double digits, we went out of our way to say we don't know exactly what causes our comps to go up and 
go down. We can only speculate on it. We can come up with reasons but we can't do a controlled experiment to see an 
exact correlation between those factors and the actual results. But if you want me to speculate on it, I will speculate on 
it. 

I think probably the two biggest reasons are cannibalization. We have a lot of cannibalization going on right now. We 
have opened more stores and they are impacting existing stores, and secondarily, competition. We are seeing – the 
conventional markets, in particular, have become more competitive. We are seeing more Trader Joe's openings. We are 
seeing good competitors like Wegmans expanding in the Washington area and in the Northeast. HEB has always been a 
tough competitor for us; they are aggressively growing. And in general, Safeway, Kroger, Albertsons, all the 
conventionals are doing a better job of executing their perishable products than I would say they were doing a couple 
years ago. So the competition is tougher, there is no question about it. 

<Q - Gregory Badishkanian>: That is helpful and it is great that you put out all this disclosure. The new stores, the 
ones that are open less than two years, the average was 18.6 last quarter I believe and it is about 11.6. Do you think it is 
that maybe your stores are opening up stronger? Could that be part of the reason? 

<A - Glenda Chamberlain>: Hi, this is Glenda. The comps in all of the age classes have declined; I am sure you 
noticed that. The less than 2 year old category actually has the smallest number of stores in it, so it is affected by any 
significant positive or negative outliers as the stores move in and out of the category. Relos [Relocations] also have a 
big effect on it. If you notice the delta between comps and [inaudible] in the current quarter was only 20 basis points 
and we have some quarters where it is 200 basis points. There are also some other factors related to Hurricane Katrina, 
the Louisiana stores. Baton Rouge for example is cycling over a period last year where it had very high sales because of 
all of the people that had moved from New Orleans to Baton Rouge. The same thing is going on in Houston. So there 


are some of those reasons. 

Also you asked about cannibalization I think so I will talk a little about that. We had 16 stores being cannibalized in the 
quarter. We had only ten last year in the prior year and we do think that overall in '07, the impact from that would be 
greater. It looks like in some of the quarters we could have anywhere from 17 to 26 stores being cannibalized. 

<Q - Gregory Badishkanian>: That is helpful. John, back to your comment about the competition getting a little bit 
better, the perishables still are not at your quality and their selection obviously is not. Would you still view them as 
testing stores for the consumer as they try out the products and then they will upgrade to Whole Foods? 

<A - John Mackey>: The first thing I want to emphasize, Greg, is that we expect our comps to return to their – they 
are reverting to the mean here, something we predicted would happen. We think we are still going to have the strongest 
comps in the food retailing industry, at least for public food companies that we know about for the foreseeable future. 

I think if you recall, when we began this double digit comp period, it occurred – the first time it happened was when the 
grocery strike was going on in Southern California. You had major union activity. You had – the conventional markets 
were all represented. The large ones were all represented in Southern California. And they went through a tough period 
there with morale in their organizations and trying to deal with those unions; and they were also having to deal with 
Wal-Mart Supercenters, and they were reeling and on their heels. 

At the same time, Whole Foods was getting massive national publicity and we were getting a lot of trial from 
customers who also were unhappy at all of the negative press the conventional markets were getting. So I think we had 
new customers come in that we wouldn't ordinarily have gotten if we didn't have those extraordinary circumstances 
with the conventional markets being under the gun. And what I think is happening now is I think the effect of that is 
wearing off and the conventional markets, seeing how successful Whole Foods has been, are copying us. And that's 
having an impact on the margin. 

So it's not like we're about to – that our business model is collapsing here. We're reverting back to the historical mean 
that we've had for 20 years. And I think it's pretty good, but it doesn't look like for a while that we're going to be – at 
least until we get a whole bunch of new stores and they're opened up that we're going to get back into double-digit 
comps. But basically Whole Foods is constantly evolving, constantly innovating and maturing; and we're very bullish 
on 2007 and beyond. We think we're going to report very strong comps in 2007 and maybe not as strong as we did in 
2004, '05, and '06, but they're going to be very good and we have got a lot of great stores opening up and we're very 
excited about the future. 

<Q - Gregory Badishkanian>: Okay, good explanations and I appreciate the time. Thanks. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the site of Mark Wiltamuth with Morgan Stanley. Go ahead, please. 

<Q - Mark Wiltamuth>: Hi, good afternoon. I wanted to ask about the pre-opening expenses. They certainly are up 
dramatically from a year ago. The 2.4 million per average store seems to be up as well. If you could just reflect on why 
that is up and then just if you could compare a little bit on how the London store pre-opened compared to what you 
experienced in Columbus Circle because they're both marquee, big sites. 

<A - Glenda Chamberlain>: Okay, the 2.4 million average in pre-opening for '07 compared to '06, the main reason for 
the increase is because we have an increased number of relocations in '07. So we have higher accelerated depreciation 
related to those stores. Average pre-opening rent is also up slightly. So those are the two reasons for that increase. A 
large amount of the 68 to $74 million that we will incur in fiscal '07 relates to stores that will open in fiscal '08 and yes, 
we do expect about $7 million in pre-opening expense for the Kensington store. That is probably much higher than we 
had in Columbus Circle, but A.C., do you want to comment on that? 

<A - A.C. Gallo>: Sure. Really you mentioned they're both marquee stores but the main difference is that when we 
opened up Columbus Circle, we were not at that point having to expense pre-opening rent and in Kensington we are 


and it happens to be one where we acquired the lease and so we're having to actually pay rent right from when we took 
it over. So we have a very long period, very long tender period where we're having to charge ourselves pre-opening 
rent. 

And the other big difference is that it's actually a bigger store and it's a more complex project and since it's happening 
over in London, we have increased travel costs and we've put together this international development program where 
we're sending a lot of folks over there to train and then bringing folks back over here to train. So the training for the 
staff, the initial staff over there of our first store and the increased travel costs, plus the increased – the pre-opening rent 
is really making it quite a bit more than what Columbus Circle was. 

<Q - Mark Wiltamuth>: Okay, thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the site of Scott Mushkin, Banc of America. Go ahead, please. 

<Q>: Hi, actually this is Caroline Baker calling in for Scott. I was just wondering if you could go into a little bit more 
detail about the UK and [inaudible] progress is in that area. 

<A - John Mackey>: I'm sorry, could you repeat the question. We could not hear you. You have to speak up a bit. 

<Q>: I was wondering if you could go into a little more detail about your progress in the UK and the new store opening 
there. 

<A - John Mackey>: A.C., do you want it? 

<A - A.C. Gallo>: Sure, I'm not sure exactly what you mean by progress but we are progressing really well with the 
Kensington store. It's totally – it's on track, due to open up in June. It's coming together really well. The design's going 
well, the build out is going great. We've got a – our leadership is in place over there right now already getting things 
situated, hiring their staffs. We've built up a purchasing team over there to make sure that we have all the products that 
we're going to need for the new store and everything seems to be on track with that store. 

We are also – have been working on several other pretty good locations that we're definitely excited about and we're – 
they're a little bit longer term in terms of getting them to the point where we can get them – we'll get them approved 
and announced but there has been some nice progress recently in a couple more locations. 

<Q>: Okay, and I guess in general when you're looking at your new store openings, the time before the lease is – 
before the lease is tendered, what would you say is the main – if there is a hurdle or obstacle that you are coming in 
front of, what would you say is the main obstacle in terms of getting through the lease's tender period, if there is one 
that you are seeing? 

<A - John Mackey>: You are saying what are the biggest obstacle to get to the point of a lease being tendered? 

<Q>: Right. 

<A - John Mackey>: Gosh, there isn't one obstacle. A lot of our sites tend to be very complex deals in urban 
environments and they require lots of different approvals. Lots of different governmental agencies need to sign off on 
them before we are given permission to build them, so that's the single biggest obstacle. And it seems like as our stores 
have gotten larger and more complex, getting that permission sometimes is more difficult. 

In addition, we are building a lot of these sites or there are other factors involved. They are not just standalone sites. 
They might be in a mixed-use development. They might have a lot of residential on top of it or office located in it and 
by the time the landlord tenders it to us, it could be a couple years while the rest of it is getting built up. So once we get 
the store, we can get it open, but we've got to get the store before we can open it and we know that takes – is going to 
take on average 7, 8, 9 months once we get it tendered from the landlord, we will get it open. I wish it were faster. 


<A - Glenda Chamberlain>: And that is part of the lease signing process. We have estimated tender dates. 

<Q>: Right. Okay, great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the site of Mark Miller with William Blair. Go ahead, please. 

<Q - Mark Miller>: Thank you. I was hoping you could just expand on your comments on cannibalization and you 
cited that as one of the reasons for comps reverting to the mean and I guess potentially below your prior expectations. 
How have you formally looked at cannibalization? Is it I guess something that has been hard to project and you learned 
recently that it has been higher than what you thought? Or is there more of a deliberate attempt to bring – to moderate 
some of the traffic in some of these very high usage stores? And then as you look out with new stores, do you change at 
all your assumption for cannibalization or look to have stores that have less of a cannibalization effect? Thanks. 

<A - John Mackey>: Mark, John. A couple of things, one is I just want to remind you that I speculated on the causes 
of comps decline and I listed cannibalization as one of my two speculations. I didn't assert that that was the main driver 
of lower comps. I merely speculated on it, so I want to underscore that. 

We have always had cannibalization. I mean even when we were producing double-digit comps, we had 
cannibalization. So I hate to use cannibalization – excuse me, we have always avoided that. We just had higher 
cannibalization last quarter than we had in 2005. We had 16 stores being cannibalized in Q4 of '06 and only 10 in Q4 of 
'05. That is a significant difference and we are going to have heavy cannibalization in 2007 because we are opening a 
lot of stores and it is not a deliberate decision to try to take business away from existing stores. It's – we are always 
looking for great locations. It is just we have an opportunistic real estate strategy and if we find them, sometimes we 
will relocate the stores. Sometimes we will just say well, that is a good store, we don't want to close it down. We know 
there is going to be some cannibalization and we'll just live with it even though it will hit our comps. 

And these decisions have to be made based on our EVA model. Everything we do in terms of expansion and any kind 
of capital investment, we put it through our EVA model. And we factor in if we're going to close a store down, we have 
to write that store off. That affects the EVA. If we're going to leave it open, that has a different impact on it. We run 
lots of different scenarios and try to optimize the maximum EVA under the different scenarios. And frankly, that's what 
we're trying to do. We're not really paying attention to the comps and we're paying attention to how we maximize EVA, 
which of these scenarios maximize our EVA. And the honest truth is we don't even look at the comps, because we're 
not trying to manage our business to maximize comps. We're trying to manage it to maximize EVA. 

So the decision tree is complex but we're not deliberately trying to take sales away from a high performing store. That 
probably would not be a good EVA strategy. But sometimes we'll jam another store in and – hey, a great example is a 
store we just opened in West Orange, New Jersey. We had to go through this decision, it's – Ace, how far is that store 
from the Montclair store in New Jersey? 

<A - A.C. Gallo>: It's just about two, two and a half miles. 

<A - John Mackey>: Two, two and a half miles. It's not very far and the Montclair store is like 20,000 square feet. 
And how big is the West Orange site, Ace? 

<A - A.C. Gallo>: 55. 

<A - John Mackey>: 55. So we went through a decision tree, do we relocate Montclair to West Orange? Hey, if we'd 
done that it certainly would have helped comps. Or do we leave it there knowing it's a smaller store but has a strong 
neighborhood following, take a hit on the comps? Which of these scenarios will maximize EVA over the long term? 
We ran out several different scenarios and projections and we decided we're going to keep this Montclair store open. 
That will produce the maximum combined EVA over the long term. So that was a decision tree that we went through, 
and that's a decision tree we go through on every decision we make about a new store. It's about maximizing EVA. 


<Q - Mark Miller>: Okay, Thanks. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the site of Meredith Adler with Lehman Brothers. Go ahead, please. 

<Q - Meredith Adler>: Good evening, two questions. The first is, based on what you know now about the likely 
tendering of stores, do you anticipate that '08 new store growth, whether it's square footage or new units, will be 
incrementally higher than '07 and do you expect '09 to be higher than '08? 

<A - John Mackey>: Yes, we do think it will be incrementally higher in '08 than '07. 

<Q - Meredith Adler>: Okay, and then a totally unrelated question. I don't know if you guys do much consumer 
research or talk to your customers. I mean I was just wondering what are you hearing. I seem to hear a little bit more 
from people about price and I just wondered whether – if you've done it sequentially over time, are you hearing 
anything different? 

<A - John Mackey>: Hey, Walter, why don't you tackle that one, baby? 

<A - Walter Robb>: Well, we do consumer research. We do it on an ongoing basis. We've been doing it for the last 
three or four years in pretty good depth. But I'm not sure, are you saying you're hearing that people are speaking about 
price or speaking about us and price? Can you clarify? 

<Q - Meredith Adler>: Yes, yes, this is just totally anecdotal, but 


<A - Walter Robb>: Sure, sure. 

<Q - Meredith Adler>: That your customers or people who have shopped your stores seem to be commenting on high 
price. 

<A - Walter Robb>: I see. Well, I think that's – we hear that too, and I think as John mentioned earlier, we are 
absolutely committed to delivering the value on the retail side. I think we're better positioned to do that than we ever 
have been. We've got a scale as a purchaser and we're frankly pretty sick of that actually, to tell you the truth. I don't 
think we get credit for the value that we do deliver. At this point in the store level, I think we're going to do a better job 
of communicating that more clearly and particularly through our 365 and our other private-label products, and also 
more aggressively through our value initiatives in the perishable areas as well. 

<Q - Meredith Adler>: Okay, thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you, our next question comes from the site of Andrew Wolf with BBT [BB&T Capital Markets]. Go ahead, 
please. 

<Q - Andrew Wolf>: I was listening to Meredith's questions and she asked both of them but I'll follow them up a little 
bit. On the new stores' acceleration I mean I think this year's number was – looking at what you said last quarter, not 
disappointing but I think people were hoping at least before that you'd accelerate – I mean are you thinking you can 
really accelerate new store growth meaningfully despite the vagaries of it just over time? 

<A - John Mackey>: Absolutely. I mean if you consider the stores we've got opened, the stores that are tendered, and 
the stores that we expect to be tendered by the end of Q1, that's going to be 20 stores that will open in 2007. That's the 
most stores we opened in any fiscal year. We've got 88 stores in development and even though there are – there is a lag 
time in that stores, we're continuing to add 8 to 10 stores every quarter. It's just a simple law of mathematics and 
physics. They'll all start coming out the other end. We're going to see an acceleration in 2007. We're going to see a 
greater acceleration in 2008, and yet a greater acceleration in 2009. So I feel a little bit like the boy who cried "Wolf," 


because we haven't done it quite as rapidly as we had hoped but we keep adding the stores into the development 
pipeline and they're going to start popping out in '07 and then we'll see an acceleration in '08. 

<A - A.C. Gallo>: Well, hey we opened two yesterday, two in one day. 

<Q - Andrew Wolf>: Be like wild grain soon, you can do 500 a year. 

<A - Glenda Chamberlain>: I don't think so. 

<Q - Andrew Wolf>: Okay, anyway the follow-up on the price question is when I look at it, there's a – and I'm sure 
you must see this in your consumer research, how perception and reality are not the same when it comes to price. Based 
on studies I've done and whatever, you're the biggest purchaser of a lot – especially in dry grocery. 
Branded-for-branded I think you are the low – you're the Wal-Mart of the industry, if you will. And I think you passed 
some of that through and it's certainly versus conventionals. Trader Joe's I think and the discount folks is maybe 
different. But first of all, do you confirm that there's this disconnect between – especially in dry grocery, not in 
perishables, but in branded dry grocery, between perception and reality in your pricing? And secondly, is that what 
Walter was alluding to that you're going to make a little hay about that in the marketplace? 

<A - John Mackey>: Andy, there absolutely is a disconnect between reality and perception. I mean our stores are 
beautiful. They're not – they don't look like a warehouse. They're not ugly stores and if people go into a store that looks 
cheap, they expect to find stuff that's cheap. If they go into a store that's really beautiful and creates a beautiful 
experience for them they're psychologically predisposed to perceive goods as more expensive. And because Whole 
Foods has a wide range of products at various value points – if you look for expensive food at Whole Foods, you can 
find it. We've got it everywhere. But if you're looking for value foods, we've got that as well. 

So one of our challenges going forward is frankly to educate our customers about our value and A.C. and Walter I 
know can throw a lot more color on that because we're being more aggressive in getting that message out to our 
customers in a variety of our stores. Do you guys want to comment on that? 

<A - Walter Robb>: Yes, that's what I meant before. I think we're going to vigorously present the value side of our – 
all the different choices that we do offer in our stores and we offer a range of choices. The new deal that we've inked 
with UNFI certainly gives us some solidarity on the buy side to translate into some price matching where we need to do 
that and have been doing that and you'll see that evidence in the stores this coming year, if not already. But I think 
we're going to vigorously present that which I think is there in the store. So Ace, do you want to add to that? 

<A - A.C. Gallo>: Yes, there have been a number of things that we've done to help use our increased buying power to 
help really lower our costs and we're – we've added quite a few positions to our private label team but also to other 
national commodity purchasing positions. So we're seeing some nice savings on our purchasing side which we're now 
able to pass along even greater savings to our customers. 

You mentioned that there definitely has been a – we've been very competitive in center store and we realize that 
through – because some of the – because we've had the highest quality perishables that some of our pricing in those 
areas have been a little bit higher, so we're using some of our increased buying power to actually be a little more 
aggressive in pricing on our perishables and I really think that if – we're able now. We're doing it in certain markets 
where we're doing price comparisons right in the store and pointing out to customers that in a lot of areas now if you 
really look at both basics and commodities, perishables, and center store, that we're very competitive and we think that 
message is going to start getting out to our customers and we're going to start seeing some effect, positive effect from 
that as the year goes on. 

<A - Walter Robb>: And Walter again, you just mentioned the branded in the private label. Again we said before that 
we doubled our team on private label and when we look at a competitor like Trader Joe's or the other cost competitors, 
you're going to see us significantly increase the number of SKUs across both 365, 365 Organic, and also the Whole – X 
labels refers to our – all those private label brands are going to significantly ramp up in terms of offering very 
competitive choices for the customers. 

<Q - Andrew Wolf>: Okay, and last question. When is the Richmond store going to open? Is that in the tender stores? 


<A - Walter Robb>: Richmond, Virginia? 
<Q - Andrew Wolf>: Yes. I was just being light hearted. But anyways – all right. Take care. Thank you. 


Operator 

Thank you, and our final question comes from the site of Steve Chick with JPMorgan. Go ahead, please. 

<Q - Michael Sesko>: Hi thanks. This is actually Mike Sesko for Steve Chick. Real quickly just to clarify first on the 
comp, I know there were a few stores closed for Katrina in Q4 of last year. Are those included in that 8.6 comp this – is 
it an immaterial effect or are they included in this comp pace? 

<A - Glenda Chamberlain>: Not in the fourth quarter. 

<Q - Michael Sesko>: Not in the fourth quarter. Okay, that's what I thought. And also get back to – you were talking 
before about your price competition and your improved buying power. I know you started a local initiative. And this 
goes even further to your competition with conventionals. Are you finding sourcing of quality perishables harder or 
how are you competing on that basis and where do you find your edge? 

<A - John Mackey>: First we have to go back to the Katrina question because they actually were included in the first 8 
weeks of the quarter, 8 of the 12 weeks they were included. In addition, the Baton Rouge store was included the whole 
time. But when we saw the two New Orleans stores close down, we saw a massive increase in sales in the Baton Rouge 
store, which was a new store for us, and now we're having to compare against that massive increase. So it's showing 
very soft comps. But – so it was an impact for two-thirds of the quarter. 

<Q - Michael Sesko>: Two thirds of this quarter, okay. But what you're saying is pretty much offset by the Baton 
Rouge, right? 

<A - John Mackey>: No. 

<Q - Michael Sesko>: Oh, no. Okay. 

<A - John Mackey>: Baton Rouge last year was a new store so it wasn't in the comp base. This year it's in the comp 
base but it's having to compare against artificially inflated sales from last year because of all the relocations of New 
Orleans people to Baton Rouge. Now it's having to compare against that unfavorably. 

<A - Glenda Chamberlain>: That's in Q1. 

<Q - Michael Sesko>: Okay. Okay, that makes sense. 

<A - Glenda Chamberlain>: That was in the last – really the last 4 weeks of Q4 and we'll see it significantly in Q1 
and Q2. 

<Q - Michael Sesko>: Can you guys quantify that at all or is that... 

<A - Glenda Chamberlain>: Yes, we have quantified it for our own internal purposes. But we don't want to do that 
for you. 

<Q - Michael Sesko>: Okay. That makes sense. Thanks. And I guess going on to that sourcing of perishables, do you – 
have you seen any kind of change in the last couple quarters or? 

<A - Walter Robb>: When you say any kind of change what do you mean by that? 

<Q - Michael Sesko>: Well I guess, I mean you're getting more competition from conventionals and other specialty 
grocers. Are you finding it harder to source quality perishables? 


<A - Walter Robb>: No I don't think that's – we have – again as we've scaled up or gotten larger, our ability to tie 
down product has improved. I mean we are both globally and locally, I think we have a commodities team in place 
now. We're being able to tie down commodities from around the globe and locally, I think our relationships in the 
perishables in particular have continued to yield us the supply even when markets are tightening in certain areas. 

But we did recently start a national meat buying office which gives us the ability to look across the company and make 
sure that we have adequate protein supplies on hand. But I really we've really – or actually our access to supply has 
continued to improve. Would you agree, Lee? 

<A - Lee Valkenaar>: Absolutely. Yes, in fact really the local initiative is not due to any shortening of supply. It's the 
result of our customers' really appreciating local product. So we're making that connection and bringing it up. 

<Q - Michael Sesko>: All right, thank you so much. 

Operator 

Thank you and this concludes the Q&A portion of today's call. I'll now turn the call back over to our speakers for any 
closing remarks. 

John Mackey, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Okay, thanks for listening in. Visit our website for transcript of the scripted portion of this call. A recording of the call 
will also be available online through our link on our website at www.wholefoodsmarket.com. We will talk to 
everybody next quarter. Take care. 

Operator 

This concludes today's conference call. You may disconnect at any time and have a great evening. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2016, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


