Q4 2009 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• John Mackey, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
• Glenda Chamberlain 
• Walter Robb 
• A.C. Gallo 
• James Sud 
• Cindy McCann 
Other Participants 

• John Heinbockel 
• Charles Grom 
• Mark Wiltamuth 
• Alvin Concepcion 
• Scott Mushkin 
• Meredith Adler 
• Edward Aaron 
• Karen Short 
• Neil Currie 
• Bob Summers 
• Mark Miller 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Welcome to today's teleconference. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. John Mackey. Please 
go ahead, sir. 

John Mackey, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Good afternoon. Joining me today are Walter Robb and A.C. Gallo, Co-Presidents and Chief Operating Officers; 
Glenda Chamberlain, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Jim Sud, Executive Vice President of 
Growth and Development, and Cindy McCann, Vice President of Investor Relations. 

First for the legalities, the discussion we are having will include forward looking statements within the meaning of the 
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. And these statements involve risk and uncertainties that may cause 
actual events, results, and/or performance to differ materially from those indicated by such statements. These risks and 
uncertainties include those outlined in today's call, as well as any other risks identified from time-to-time in the 
company's public statements and reports filed with the SEC. 

I hope you've had a chance to read our press release, which is available on our website along with the scripted portion 
of this call. 


We are very pleased with our fourth quarter and fiscal year results. We believe that our sales have now stabilized and 
officially turn the corner. Our comparable store and identical stores sale trends have now improved for the second 
quarter in a row, and after a five quarters of year-over-year declines are in a positive territory quarter-to-date at 1.6% 
and 0.4% respectively. 

We believe we are continuing to strike the right balance between sales and gross margin while maintaining our cost 
control disciplines. On a 2.3% increase in sales for the quarter, we produced a 70 basis point improvement in operating 
margins to 3.6% of sales, excluding LIFO and the prior year charges as outlined in our press release. A 46% increase in 
adjusted EBITDA to $133.5 million. 

Cash flow from operations of $113 million, and $51 million of positive free cash flow. Comparable store sales 
decreased 0.9% and identical store sales decreased 2.3%. This is an improvement from the 2.5% and 3.8% respective 
decreases we reported for the third quarter. Every department in almost every region showed sequential improvement 
in identical stores from the third quarter. 

Transaction counts for comparable stores increased 1.4%, while transaction counts in identical stores were even year 
over year. A decline in average basket size was driven primarily by a decrease in the number of items per basket; 
however, the average price per item also declined for the first time this year, which we attribute primarily to deflation 
in produce and other categories. 

Average weekly sales per store for all stores were $537,000, translating to sales per square foot of $752. Our 20 new 
and relocated stores produced average weekly sales per store of $579,000, and averaged 52,000 square feet in size, 
translating to sales per square foot of $579. 

Food inflation, as measured by the CPI, slowed significantly from 2.7% in Q3 to 0.4% in Q4, which likely is having 
some negative impact on our sales, basket size, and price per item. 

Excluding LIFO and asset impairment charges in both years, store contribution improved 13 basis points to 7.2% of 
sales, in line with our guidance. 

Excluding LIFO, gross profit for the quarter increased 46 basis points to 34% of sales. We are continuing to see lower 
cost of goods sold driven by better purchasing and distribution disciplines as well as improved store-level execution, 
particularly in terms of shrink control and inventory management. Year over year, these improvements more than offset 
higher occupancy costs as a percentage of sales. 

We are using our new pricing data tracking and research abilities to consistently monitor the marketplace and help us 
make strategic and targeted price investments. Our internal benchmarking shows that we maintained our price 
competitiveness vis a vis our national competitors during the quarter. We have taken advantage of lower costs in 
certain areas such as produce, to pass through great values to our customers. 

In other areas, for example in cheese and packaged nuts, we have rolled out some great national programs to drive 
better values for customers without sacrificing gross margin. The fact that our sales are moving in the right direction, 
and we maintained healthy gross margins, suggests we are continuing to strike the right balance between driving sales, 
improving our value offerings, and maintaining margin. 

For identical stores, excluding LIFO and asset impairment charges, store contribution improved 58 basis points to 7.6% 
of sales driven by improvements in both gross profit and direct store expenses. 

G&A was lower than estimated at $51.7 million. Pre-opening and relocation costs also came in lower than our 
expectations at $13.8 million. As a result, we produced diluted EPS of $0.20, including a $0.01 positive impact from 
LIFO, slightly above our 16 to $0.18 guidance range which excluded LIFO. 

During the quarter, we opened three stores in Santa Cruz County, California; New York City, and Dedham, 
Massachusetts. Our Upper West Side store, at 97th and Columbus, is our sixth store in New York City. The New York 
and Dedham stores are both 60,000 square feet, while our Capitola store in Santa Cruz County is on the other end of the 
size spectrum at 25,000 square feet. 


Today we announced three new leases averaging 33,000 square feet in size, and the 53 stores in our pipeline average 
45,000 square feet. We plan to continue to sign new store leases which we believe are right sized for their particular 
community, and expect that most of our new store leases will fall between 35,000 to 50,000 square feet going forward. 

On another note, we want to extend thanks to our customers for donating over $660,000 to fund the development of 
The Lunchbox Project, an online resource created by Renegade Lunch Lady Chef Ann Cooper's nonprofit, F3. Food 
Family Farming Foundation. 

F3 helps school lunch providers serve nutritious, affordable lunches to students. Inspired by our customers, we are 
deepening our own commitment beyond our $50,000 donation, and asking each of our store locations to partner with a 
local school to work on making real progress in cafeterias in our communities' schools. 

We have a loyal core customer base that is aligned with our mission and our core values. We are passionate about 
supporting causes that are important to our shoppers and neighbors. We believe our leadership in projects like this 
reinforces our position as the authentic retailer of natural and organic foods, making us the preferred choice for 
customers aspiring to a healthier lifestyle. 

I will now turn to our outlook for next fiscal year. We are pleased with our sales trends for the first five weeks of the 
current quarter. Our total sales increased five percent, comparable store sales increased 1.6%, and identical store sales 
increased 0.4%. However, with no anticipated positive change in the economy over the short term, and with the 
likelihood of continued price investments, we believe it is reasonable to expect sales results for the fiscal year in line 
with, or slightly better than our quarter-to-date results. 

For the fiscal year, we expect sales growth of 5% to 8%, comparable store sales growth of 1% to 4%, and identical 
store sales growth of 0% to 3%. We expect to open 16 new stores, ten of which are expected to open in the first half of 
the year. These numbers include the three stores already opened this quarter. 

While our sales comparisons will be easier in the first half of the year, we will have difficult expense comparisons, due 
to the cost savings realized in 2009. In addition, with lower comps, we don't expect to realize the same year-over-year 
operating margin improvements in our younger stores that we have been able to produce in the past. For these reasons, 
and given the likelihood of continued selective, strategic price investments, we expect operating margin in fiscal year 
2010 to be in line with the 4.1% we produced in 2009, excluding non-cash asset impairment charges, FTC-related legal 
and settlement costs, and store closure reserve adjustments. 

We estimate EBITDA in the range of $625 million to $650 million, EBITANCE in the range of $675 million to $700 
million, and diluted earnings per share, based on approximately 170 million weighted average shares outstanding, in 
the range of $1.05 to $1.10, a slight increase over our FY09 results, excluding the FY09 charges I just mentioned. 

While these certainly have been tough times for retailers, we are very pleased with what we have accomplished over 
the past year. We believe we have made strategic decisions that have allowed us to maximize our short-term results in 
this period of slower sales, while renewing our focus on our core customers and staying true to our longer-term 
mission. 

Some highlights from this year include: we opened 15 new stores, increasing our ending square footage in operation by 
7% year-over-year. We worked hard to improve our value perception, and now have sales moving in the right direction. 
We refocused on the expense side of the business, delivering a 16% increase in adjusted EBITDA on a 1% increase in 
sales. 

We made important progress at the 52 continuing Wild Oats stores. Despite the economy, store contribution improved 
150 basis points, on a 5% increase, to $552 sales per square foot. And on that note, the FTC settlement is finally 
nearing an end, with only 8 of the original 32 stores granted extensions through March 8, 2010. The 24 remaining 
stores, seven of which are in operation, have been retained by us. 

We took the opportunity presented by the real estate downturn to rebalance our store development portfolio, 
terminating five leases and reducing the size of five others, for a net reduction of approximately 340,000 square feet 


under development. We believe we now have a diverse group of stores right sized for each respective community, and 
geared to deliver strong EVA while creating a great shopping experience. 

We also took a hard look at our capital expenditures, and adopted a leaner and more disciplined approach to designing 
and building, which ultimately will result in lower costs on a per store and a per square foot basis. Through these 
efforts, we generated strong free cash flow of $273 million in fiscal year 2009, and produced significant year-over-year 
improvements in our balance sheet. Our total cash increased $470 million, and our total debt decreased $190 million. 
From where we stand today, we believe we are well positioned to meet our long-term debt maturities in 2012. 

Just last year, based on the uncertainty of the economy and its negative impact on our results, we felt compelled to raise 
$425 million of additional equity from the sale of Series A Preferred Stock to Leonard Green & Partners. We want to 
take this opportunity to thank all of our team members for their hard work and positive attitude during the most difficult 
year our company has ever faced. 

Together, we have produced excellent results, which have driven the 240% year-to-date increase in our stock price and 
created this favorable opportunity for us to exercise our right to redeem the Preferred Stock. We fully expect Leonard 
Green & Partners to convert their preferred stock into common, and this conversion will save us $34 million in annual 
preferred dividends. The net impact of the elimination of the dividend and the increase in our common shares of stock 
outstanding should not be material to our future diluted earnings per share. 

What a difference one year can make. Our business model has been highly successful since we began in 1980, and with 
fewer than 300 stores today, we remain very bullish on our long-term growth prospects, as demand for natural and 
organic products continues to grow, and as our company continues to evolve. We are pleased our sales are now moving 
in the right direction, and combined with our continued expense and capital discipline, we expect to produce strong 
returns for our shareholders over the long term once again. 

We will now take your questions, but ask that you limit your questions so that everyone has an opportunity to 
participate. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from John Heinbockel with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 

<Q - John Heinbockel>: Yes, a couple of things. What is the – what's your inflation assumption built into the 1 to 4% 
comp? I don't know if you have an explicit inflation target there. 

<A - Glenda Chamberlain>: It's very difficult for us to predict inflation, obviously, and it could be deflation. So we've 
pretty much assumed it to be relatively flat. 

<Q - John Heinbockel>: Okay. 

<A - Walter Robb>: Little color on that, John, this is Walter, with produce we've seen it – we've seen the deflation 
flatten out, but it's very hard to say looking forward. I would say for the next six to 12 months, it's probably flat to 
slightly – some spikes here and there. 

<Q - John Heinbockel>: Would you think it's reasonable to, as you look out sometime next year, maybe even tail-end 
that we will have some moderate inflation back in the system or no? 

<A - John Mackey, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: John, John Mackey here. If inflation goes up, you can 
expect our sales to go up. We can't – we don't know what – we know the fed is gunning the money supply. We don't 
know when that's going to translate into increasing prices. If it does, and when it does, I expect that our sales will 
reflect it. So Glenda said it pretty accurately, we don't – we can't predict inflation, so we assumed there wouldn't be 
any. If you believe there is going to be inflation, or significant inflation, then you could project our sales upward 


accordingly. 

<Q - John Heinbockel>: All right. But as a follow-up to that, what comp do you think you need to get expense 
leverage? Looks like maybe it's the upper end of the guidance you gave for next year. 

<A - Glenda Chamberlain>: Here's the way we looked at next year with respect to leverage. We did a lot of great 
things this year that should continue to benefit us in the future. But the reality is with very low idents that it's difficult 
to produce any kind of significant leverage. We also will most likely continue to make price investments next year. 

So it's not just a matter of what comps does it take? It's a matter of what the overall environment is looking like in 
2010, or as of now we have lifted the hiring freeze – the salary freeze, so we will see some small increases in salaries at 
the G&A level. And we're not going to see – if we don't see strong comps in the new stores to the same degree that we 
have in the past, then we likely won't see the year two increases or decreases in expense as a percentage of sales in 
those stores either. So this environment makes it difficult to predict, but that's kind of the best we can do at this time. 

<Q - John Heinbockel>: All right. And then finally, from a longer-term perspective, before Oats and before the comps 
went negative, you guys had an EBIT margin solidly above 5. We're 4-ish today. Do you think getting – it's reasonable 
to get back to a number close to 5% over some longer period of time, or that's going to be tough? 

<A - John Mackey, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: We hope so, John. We're certainly going to work 
towards that. 

<Q - John Heinbockel>: All right, thanks. 

Operator 

We'll go next to Charles Grom with JPMorgan. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Charles Grom>: Thanks, good evening. Walter, could you flesh out the comments regarding increased pricing 
investments in 2010, and also if you could quantify how much that impacted GPM in the past couple of quarters? 

<A - Walter Robb>: Well, in terms of – and A.C., you may want to weigh on this question as well. But the – in terms 
of the outlook for 2010, it's a very dynamic marketplace right now, as you well know, because you have one of the 
studies that you're conducting, and we're watching different retailers are investing in private label, other retailers are 
investing in brands, other investors are investing in a particular basket of items. 

So I think we're staying at the ready to do what we have to to continue our sales momentum. And that's I think what 
we've been able to do in Q4. And so I think that's baked into our guidance in terms of saying, look, we're going to give 
ourselves some wiggle room on gross margin to make sure that we can make those investments. And your question 
with respect to Q4 was, what was the impact on gross margin? 

<Q - Charles Grom>: That's right. 

<A - Walter Robb>: Of the price investments? 

<Q - Charles Grom>: Yes. 

<A - Walter Robb>: It's hard to say because I think we – there's a lot of variables in that. I think we're looking at – and 
it varies by team, and there's different situations by team, so I'm not sure I can give you a good answer to that. John, do 
you want to add to that, or A.C., do you want to add to that? 

<A - A.C. Gallo>: Well, it also has to do with like what's going to happen with commodity prices. Commodity prices 
got very reasonable this year. Are they going to hold through most of next year, whatever. One of the reasons we were 
able to maintain our gross margin levels pretty well, and even improve them slightly at the same time we were doing 
price investments is that we were able to get a lot of that on the buy side. So that we think there's still opportunities to 
get more as we do more price investments, but there might be some other areas where we can't. So it's a very fluid thing 


right now. So it's hard to really nail down. 

<Q - Charles Grom>: Okay. For the 4.1% target for 2010, can you get a little bit more granular for us on the gross 
line? What's your expectation for LIFO, assuming you're going to get a little bit of a credit over the next quarter or 
maybe two? 

<A - Glenda Chamberlain>: No. We don't expect a significant impact from LIFO for the whole year. Again, that's 
very difficult for us to predict. 

<Q - Charles Grom>: Okay. And then just walking down the P&L, if you think flat for the 4.1, should we – it sounds 
like most of the three key lines you guys looked at, GPM, direct store and then G&A, should we think kind of flattish 
for the year? Or is one going to improve more than the another and offset – sort of wash each other out? Just trying to 
get a little bit more granular with the model. 

<A - Glenda Chamberlain>: I understand that you need to do it on a line-item basis, but really we try to keep our 
guidance at as high a level as possible. 

<A - Walter Robb>: That's your job. 

<Q - Charles Grom>: Okay. Fair enough. And then, just last question if I could. In the fourth quarter, your direct store 
expenses, after three pretty good quarters in a row, the performance was – absolute dollars were up a little bit over 3%, 
I know in the release you said healthcare and depreciation, but any reason why one quarter would be – stand out a little 
bit worse than the prior few quarters? 

<A - A.C. Gallo>: Well, I mean, actually if you drill into that on the identical stores, there was some leverage. It was 
on the total universe, which just – which reflects the fact that going in to the fourth quarter the overall sales volume 
drops a little bit per week, and the summer season is our slowest season, and also we're continuing to cycle over 
extraordinary leverage in the early part of last year, but primarily it's the first. 

<A - Walter Robb>: Yes. Q4 is always a weak quarter for us, because... 

<A - A.C. Gallo>: Yes. 

<A - Walter Robb>: ...people take their vacations in August, and so we always see – and they eat less. So it's always a 
tougher quarter for us, and our costs are still there. We've got to pay the same rent, pay the same utilities. We don't lay 
people off just because seasonal sales decline, so it's always a challenging quarter for us. And then... 

<Q - Charles Grom>: Yes. 

<A - Walter Robb>: I mean. If you look at our pattern, quarters two and three are usually our strongest in terms of 
sales, so... 

<Q - Charles Grom>: That's right. 

<A - Glenda Chamberlain>: The last – I do want to emphasize Walter's last point, which was that last year in the 
fourth quarter is when we implemented a lot of the cost discipline. So in the first three quarters of the current year, we 
were comparing against a period of time that was prior to those changes. In the fourth quarter, we were comparing 
against a period of time that was after those changes. 

<A - Walter Robb>: And I do want to emphasize that I feel and speak, and I think on behalf for all the operators, that 
we have a better handle on our business now than we ever have, and our disciplines are in place, and if you were to drill 
into the labor numbers on both of those groups, you'd see there was good leverage on the idents, and there was close to 
flat leverage on the larger store, even with the decline in sales, and so the message I really want you – we've got good 
disciplines in place. We are on top of our costs and watching them carefully. 

<Q - Charles Grom>: Okay. Yes, I just wanted to make sure. Okay. That's very helpful. Thank for the color. 


Operator 

We'll go next to Mark Wiltamuth with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Mark Wiltamuth>: Hi. Just wanted to dig in a little more on the price investments. Are you planning proactive 
reductions in price from here, or it is going to be more reactive to what's going on in the market place? 

<A - Walter Robb>: Well, I'm glad you actually used those words because I think one of the things, and again I think 
one of the things that's happened in the last three to six months is we've become more proactive on our price 
investments. I think at the beginning of the year we were reactive in terms of where is the market, what do we need to 
do. Now we're able to be a lot more strategic. 

We have great information about what's happening in the marketplace because of our data team that every period is 
updating us on what competitors are doing with their prices, and we are able to identify very selectively by competitor, 
by metro, by store, by category of product, within categories of products, exactly where we want to make those price 
investments, and so I think our abilities in that regard has become a lot more sophisticated and targeted. A.C., you want 
to add to that? 

<A - A.C. Gallo>: Yes think we've – I'm going to say, we've really increased our capabilities for this analysis, so we 
have been going in and really looking at specific markets, and looking at our competitors and breaking it down into 
categories and subcategories, and seeing if we think we're getting the type of sales out of that category we think we 
should be. 

And then we can look at, say now we think we can change our value. We need a better value perception in this, or we 
need to do something, and then go out and work on it together. So yes, we still are – we're really doing both. We're still 
doing reactive obviously to the marketplace if things change, but through careful analysis, we're doing some much 
more proactive work now. 

<Q - Mark Wiltamuth>: And A.C. you indicated, I believe, that part of the price improvement on your price 
perception came from commodity costs falling, so if we start to see some change in that environment, does it make it 
harder for you to show value to the consumer? 

<A - A.C. Gallo>: Well, it really depends on – it just depends on the competitive marketplace. If we're – if the 
commodity of something is going up, and everyone's prices are going up, then ours may go along with it. But we're 
going to be very careful to make sure that any movement we have is in lock step with what's going on in the 
marketplace overall. 

<Q - Mark Wiltamuth>: And now that you are monitoring the peers, have you seen any real change in the last two or 
three quarters in their behavior? 

<A - A.C. Gallo>: Well, we're definitely noticing all over the country different retailers doing different price 
investments in different markets and different categories, and we're monitoring that, and we're reacting to it and doing 
what we need to do to stay – to keep our competitive position. 

<Q - Mark Wiltamuth>: And lastly, just regionally, we have been seeing some improvement in some of the California 
results from other retailers. Has that been working out for you? 

<A - A.C. Gallo>: Yes. It's – We're seeing sequential improvement in California as well. We have a large number of 
stores there, obviously you know that. But we're seeing progress there both in NorCal – in the aggregate, we're just 
saying yes, we're seeing progress in California. 

<Q - Mark Wiltamuth>: Okay. Thank you very much. 

Operator 


[Operator Instructions]. We'll go next to Greg Badishkanian with Citigroup. Please go ahead. 


<Q - Alvin Concepcion>: Thank you, this is Alvin Concepcion for Greg. Regarding the improvement in comps of up 
1.6% so far in the first quarter. Has it been more traffic or basket related? 
<A - Glenda Chamberlain>: We had improvements in both traffic count and basket size in the first five weeks 


compared to the fourth quarter. 
<Q - Alvin Concepcion>: Okay. So it was pretty balanced? 
<A - A.C. Gallo>: No. It was lead by the transaction count. 
<Q - Alvin Concepcion>: Okay. And then the comps of your stores less than two years old were pretty strong, up 


almost 14%. Can you give any color on what's driving that? Is it just less cannibalization or are there some initiatives 
going on there? 

<A - Glenda Chamberlain>: I'm sorry – I missed the early part of that question. Can you speak a little louder? 
<Q - Alvin Concepcion>: Yes. Sure. The comps in the store base less than two years old were up almost 14%. What's 
driving that improvement? It is less cannibalization -


<A - Glenda Chamberlain>: The eight relocations are driving that number. 


<Q - Alvin Concepcion>: Okay. And then in your sales guidance of 5 to 8%, what are you assuming for currency in 
that? 
<A - Glenda Chamberlain>: The impact of currency is – on our comps is declining. 
<Q - Alvin Concepcion>: And do you have any updates on the UK, and your outlook for how many stores are going to 


be there in 2010? 
<A - Walter Robb>: Update on U.K. just in terms of how many stores or ...? 
<Q - Alvin Concepcion>: Yes, and also how things are going there? 
<A - Walter Robb>: Well, things are going pretty good. We're encouraged with what we're seeing in the U.K. As far 


as mood and customer spending, most of the news and retail earnings reports are positive about the economy and 
saying the recession is behind them. And they seem generally optimistic about a good holiday season in talking with 
our folks over there. And I'm going over in two weeks, they're feeling real positive about the holiday season coming up. 
Sales have definitely been trending up, and especially through the Q4, and especially now in Q1. 

So, feeling positive. We have our current stores we're operating. We've been working on the real estate side, identifying 
some additional locations, and have been working on that side. We have nothing to really announce at this point, but 
we're certainly working on it. 

<Q - Alvin Concepcion>: Thank you. 

Operator 

And we'll go next to Scott Mushkin with Jefferies. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Scott Mushkin>: Hey, thanks, guys. So I just wanted to work this gross margin angle a little bit more. Shrink 
control, you guys didn't talk about it all that much. And I was wondering if you could maybe give us a little update on 
shrink, particularly in the prepared food area. I was wondering, if there is an opportunity there, and if so, how big you 
think it is to maybe offset some of these price investments? 

<A - Walter Robb>: Right. So it is – you have two questions there, Scott, really this is Walter, one about the shrink 
overall, and the second about the prepared foods opportunity. I mean, the real story here – one of the stories in terms of 


the gross margin is the fact that we are really tightened up our inventory controls. We took another $7 million out here. 
We've got – this is the first quarter, I think we've had sequential improvement in our turns. We've got the operations 
workbook system, which is tightening up things, and all of that results in – helps give a plus to the margin results and 
also reduces shrink. 

It makes it a lot easier to make your gross margin when you got less inventory. So I think as best we can measure it, 
measuring shrink in a food store is an inexact science at best. But the general sort of numbers that we're tracking, we 
just looked into those earlier, suggest that we made sort of 30, 40 basis points of improvement in that area this quarter 
from last quarter, and that we really needed to do some more work on that in particular. But I think it's – the larger 
story here is the tightening up of the systems, the ops workbook, the inventory control, the tighter pricing, the 
improvement of the turns. Those things are yielding nice benefit in terms of gross margin stability, and helping our 
ability to make those investments without blowing our margin structure. 

There is definitely potential in prepared foods and bakery for us. And we're in the process of exploring that now. We're 
going to be careful, because we're going into the holiday season. We want to make sure and have the merchandise, but 
we're trying to go into it with a more tempered approach in terms of having the right inventory for the projected sales. 
But it is an area that we've identified as something we can look at this coming year. 

<Q - Scott Mushkin>: And Walter, do you think it's sizable? I mean like 30, 40 basis points? It's just – I'm not giving 
an exact, but do you think it's that type of size when you initially look at it? Or is it going to be a lot smaller 
opportunity? 

<A - Walter Robb>: Well, I mean, we don't give the percentage of sales for prepared foods, and we never have. But I 
mean, it's meaningful, but I don't think we'll give you the numbers, because we don't go to that level of detail usually, 
but. 

<A - Glenda Chamberlain>: It doesn't often show up in one particular quarter, either. It's the kind of thing where it 
starts in one store, in one region, or one area of prepared foods, because there are many, and rolls out. So it's not like in 
any particular quarter or necessarily even one year, you're going to see it all show up. It's just one of the ways where 
we're going to be focusing in order to continue to show strong gross margin. 

<Q - Scott Mushkin>: Okay. Second kind of a follow-up. I know I'm not supposed to ask more than one question. 
Occupancy costs increasing, you guys flagged that as an issue pushing against improvements in gross margins. Is that 
something we are going to see continuing? What is driving that, I guess, first? And is that something we are going to 
see continue, or is that going to be something that you're going to need to offset? 

<A - Glenda Chamberlain>: Well, we hope that it won't be continuing, but it probably will for the foreseeable future. 

<Q - Scott Mushkin>: And what drives that, Glenda? 

<A - John Mackey, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Sales. Sales drives it. When sales go up, we get 
leverage on occupancy expenses. We've had declining comps, and so we're getting reverse leverage on our expenses, 
including occupancy expenses. We get our comps going back up, start to see leverage there. 

<Q - Scott Mushkin>: So John, it's not actually that costs are going up, it's just that you're deleveraging a little bit, I'm 
just 


<A - John Mackey, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Exactly. I mean if you think about it Scott, look at the 
base of stores we have, even if we open a few new stores, they are not enough to really move the dial very much. So it's 
the existing store base totally dominates over the new stores we've opened up, so logically it has to be the sales. In our 
case the decline in sales we've experienced in 2009 on a comp basis. We have negative comps for 2009. First time in 
our history. So that's one of the consequences of that. 

We can do things to cut back on our labor, and we did, but it's a lot harder to cut back on contracts that we have with 
landlords. It's virtually impossible. So, but we see our comps have turned positive in Q1, so hopefully in fiscal 2010, 
we'll see some leverage in occupancy costs, especially when we start comparing it to 2009 numbers. 


<Q - Scott Mushkin>: And then, thanks, John. The last – I guess this would be my second question. The last year you 
did a negative four in the 16-week quarter? Was that straight line, or did you deteriorate as the economy went – kind of 
ground to a halt. So, did the comparison? 

<A - John Mackey, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: You talking about fiscal year 2009, Scott? 

<Q - Scott Mushkin>: Yes, exactly. So do the comparisons get easier as you move through your 16 weeks, or it is 
pretty uniform? 

<A - John Mackey, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Basically it does get a little easier as we go along. It 
was kind of a gradual slide in the last year. But, I mean we're already seeing the comparisons with last year. We don't 
want to obviously give a week-by-week accounting of our comp sales in 2009. So we're already starting to compare 
against some pretty weak numbers from 2009, but they can still get weaker. How's that? 

<Q - Scott Mushkin>: Okay. Yes, that's perfect. Thanks for taking my question. 

Operator 

We'll go next to Meredith Adler with Barclays Capital. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Meredith Adler>: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I was wondering if you could maybe comment a little bit. 
You talked about your real estate portfolio in the press release, and it sounded like you have pretty much done the deals 
with the landlords that you were hoping to do in terms of getting out of leases that you weren't perfectly happy with. Is 
that fair to say, that that process is done? 

<A - James Sud>: Hey, Meredith this is Jim Sud. No, it's not done, it's an ongoing process. We're continuing to look at 
our pipeline both in terms of size reduction and also looking at where there may be situations where landlords are not 
going to be able to deliver. And that's going to be continuing to unfold, I think probably for the next year or two as the 
real estate market continues to be uncertain. So that's still a work in process. We've made a lot of progress in that regard 
over the last 18 months. And, really, right sized and moved our pipeline to a really good place, but we're still doing a 
lot of work on it, and there's more to go. 

<Q - Meredith Adler>: Right. It has been very impressive. I would like to go back to something discussed a little bit 
before about the impact of inflation on, perhaps on the gross margin, or deflation. Would it be fair to say that you were 
able to allow your gross profit dollars per item, or the margin as well, to go up when you were able to do great buys, 
say in produce, because of the deflation? 

<A - John Mackey, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: You want to get that A.C.? 

<A - A.C. Gallo>: Sure. I would say that the great buys that we were able to get in produce for the past, this past year, 
allowed us to both offer much better pricing to our customers, and be able to maintain – pretty much maintain our 
produce margins at historical levels. 

<Q - Meredith Adler>: Okay. And then I guess I would like to just – I would like to think about what the business 
model of a 33,000 square foot store is. That's I think the average for what's in the pipeline for coming up, not 
necessarily what you are going to open. But, and it obviously is a smaller store. There will be some limitations in terms 
of what you offer, and you have been focusing on value. Should we think about that smaller store as having a 
meaningfully different sort of contribution margin, gross margin being lower, but SG&A lower or direct store expenses 
lower, or how does it play out? 

<A - A.C. Gallo>: Well, I think one way to think about it is that, although we've been opening up the last few years 
larger and larger stores, we have a lot of stores, you know, not that many years ago, 33,000 square feet would have 
been an average-sized store, a good sized store for Whole Foods. 


And in those stores, we have been able to be very – have a very profitable and very good return on invested capital. A 
smaller store generally – a store has to be big enough to have a broad enough selection to keep our customers happy. 
On the other hand, if a store is too big for its market, we – you have a lot more inventory in there, and you can have 
more shrink. So we think that our main goal is to right size a store for a market. 

We're going to still opening up 60,000 square feet stores where it's appropriate. And we'll open up smaller stores where 
it's appropriate. But when you get in to that 33, 35,000 square foot size, we can pretty much get everything in there that 
we traditionally have carried in our stores. And it's a right size to allow us, we think to maximize – in that size, we can 
certainly do a really good job of gross margins and expense control. 

<Q - Meredith Adler>: But when people ask you about getting back to the 5% operating margin, there's nothing 
structural about opening smaller stores that would get in the way, in fact, you'd obviously be right sized, so it would 
help? 

<A - A.C. Gallo>: Opening up the right-sized store for the market will certainly help our profitability. 

<Q - Meredith Adler>: Right. 

<A - Walter Robb>: Meredith, I just had a little more color on it. It really depends upon – it's hard to make a 
generalization about it. We're glad Columbus Circle is 59,000 square feet. If it was 33,000 feet, the store would do 
considerably less volume. The advantage that a larger store has, if it's the right size in the market, is it has a lot more 
potential for upward volumes. Almost all of our highest volume stores in the company are large stores. 

On the other hand, if you open a large store in the wrong market, it could significantly underperform. Its capital 
investment is a lot higher, its depreciation is higher, its rent's a lot higher, and other occupancy expenses are higher. 

So in those cases, we'd obviously want a smaller store. So the art, and our leadership spends quite a bit of time on this 
now in our real estate committees, is to get the right sized store for this market. What is the right-sized store for this 
market? And it used to be when we had double-digit comps year-after-year-after-year, the question wasn't as critical, 
because we'd grow our way out of a problem. A store would hit – do a 15% comp in year two, 12% comp in year three, 
and a 10% comp in year four, it wouldn't make any difference. And we'd just – we'd eventually grow to – even if the 
store was too large initially, we'd grow into it. 

Now we can't count on that to bail us out, so we've got to be very, very disciplined in getting the right size of the store 
from the beginning. But in terms of the question about the model, a small store as a percentage of sales can be just as 
profitable as a large store. It has less risk, but it also has less upside, so it's about getting the right-sized store in the 
right market. 

<Q - Meredith Adler>: That was very helpful. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

We'll go next to Ed Aaron with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Edward Aaron>: Thanks, congrats on a good year, everybody. Wanted to ask just a couple of questions about 
new stores. I noticed that your – the pre-opening expense efficiency is getting progressively better, so it looks like 
you're making some progress there. Can you talk about how much more room there is to improve? And then also, when 
I look at the pre-opening spending, and where it's running, it's a little bit hard to get to your guidance for 2010, it seems 
like a little bit high? 

<A - Glenda Chamberlain>: I'll just answer that last one first, and the reason for that is because we have a lot of 
stores which are scheduled currently to open in early fiscal year '11. 

<A - A.C. Gallo>: Yes. I'll add, at the second part of – I lost track of which part I'm answering, but, I mean, look, the 
thing that we've been doing here is working on our frugality, and that includes every aspect of our operation, including 


the cost to open a store. And so it's been a relentless focus to say, what do we need to have in this cost, can we tighten 
up the timelines, can we use a little less labor, can we spend little less or that, and the cumulative result is an 
incremental improvement in that pre-opening number. 

And another way – the other thing that's important about that is to John's comment about the right size for the right 
community, is the – in terms of the business model is that theoretically we spend the right amount of capital, and to the 
extent that we were over-sizing or under-sizing, we were over-sizing, particularly spending too much money to build a 
store. We lug less as we go forward. So in any case, I think the focus on the new stores, that has been one place that's 
shown up is to being able to open them – the preopening for a little less. 

<Q - Edward Aaron>: Thank you. And then in terms of just the margin dilution from new stores, and you coming in – 
opening in 2010, and how that compares to 2009. You know, you have a similar number of new stores this year versus 
last year, but there's a big change in the number of reloads that – when you think about – I guess the growth paradox, if 
you will – would that cause the margin drag for new stores to be greater this year than last? 

<A - A.C. Gallo>: I don't think so. I don't think it will. 

<Q - Edward Aaron>: Okay. And then last question. You had – you know, an unusually high number of new stores 
ender the comp base in the fourth quarter. I think you might have even cautioned last quarter that it might create some 
odd comp numbers on the quarter. Can you talk about how that affected Q4, and then will you see some actual – 
actually maybe see some positive benefit in Q1 as you maybe compare against the – something closer to the bottom of 
the J curve on those new stores? 

<A - Glenda Chamberlain>: I don't think there was anything significant in the quarter about the timing of the 
new-store openings. So either in Q4 we did have three stores that opened early in Q1, because we've had three already. 

<Q - Edward Aaron>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - A.C. Gallo>: You're welcome. 

Operator 

We'll go next to Karen Short with BMO Capital. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Karen Short>: Hi. Hi, thanks for taking my question. A couple of questions just on your guidance. On the 
preopening side, can you give us some thoughts on where relocation, like lease termination costs should be as we look 
to 2010? You know, same thing like store closure reserves? I mean, obviously when you give guidance on preopening 
expenses, I don't think that includes those numbers, so I'm wondering if there's a bit of upside on that 

<A - Glenda Chamberlain>: We currently don't have any relocation scheduled for 2010. We may have some lease 
terminations, and if we do there may be some costs associated with those, but that's very difficult for us to try and 
forecast at this time. 

<Q - Karen Short>: But, generally speaking, like magnitude should be much lower than it was in '09? 

<A - Glenda Chamberlain>: Yes. 

<Q - Karen Short>: Okay. And then I guess 


<A - Glenda Chamberlain>: It obviously – it depends on the number of leases that we end up terminating. So maybe, 
Jim, do you want to answer that? 

<A - James Sud>: Well, yes, the only thing I would say is that we're continuing to work on the number of sites that we 
have where we're doubtful that the landlord is going to be able to deliver on their end of the bargain. So there's possible 
lease terminations coming up in the future, and as I said earlier, it's just – it's a fluid situation. I think that those 
situations are going to kind of ebb and flow over the next couple of years. 


<A - Glenda Chamberlain>: But our guidance is for total preopening and relocation cost to be in the range of 55 to 60 
million. 

<Q - Karen Short>: Okay. And then you guys have talked a lot about – or you talked a bit in the past about the Whole 
Deals basket, you know, in general. I'm wondering if you can give some color on that in terms of what the difference is 
between customer shopping with the Whole Deals, you know, basket versus non-Whole Deals basket in general? 

<A - Walter Robb>: Yes. Here is the whole deal on that – it's – this is Walter -- the numbers are carrying on, and the 
Whole Deal basket was $70 this last quarter, and also in addition to that, so the pattern of kind of a 2x for 1 on people 
that are using the guide. And we also and it's bimonthly now versus quarterly, and we now over half of – we have 
500,000 customers signed up for the E-version of that, so we're moving that online successfully as well. And I would 
say it's pretty well integrated into the operations at this point, but the numbers are still very good on that. 

<Q - Karen Short>: So what is your expectation in terms of the Whole Deals, I guess, penetration and pages and 
things like that, looking into 2010? Do you have – can you give us some color? 

<A - Walter Robb>: Well about the only meaningful thing we've looked at is whether we went to a monthly – a 
monthly thing from the bimonthly. Right now we are pretty happy with it. We have got our new issue out for the 
holidays and we're very happy with the lift, the return, everything that is happening. So we are going to continue to use 
it. We think value is a big part of the equation for the next 12 to 24 months for sure and perhaps beyond, and this is 
kind of a, one our basic platforms that we're using, and we're going to continue it. 

<Q - Karen Short>: Okay. And then I guess my last question is just, when you look at your comparable SKUs versus 
the conventional food retailers, where do you think your price spread is now, and where do you think that needs to be 
in, or I mean, is it sustainable or can you just give some color on that? 

<A - Walter Robb>: Yes, we – like I said in the past, we shop a market basket of over 300 items ever four weeks in all 
the major competitors, I got the spreadsheet right here in front of me, and we're at parity or below parity on those 300 
items. So we're – that's exactly what we are doing in terms of checking that. We think those are the crossover, the 
common ground basket items that we need to be at parity or below, and we are essentially where we need to be with 
that. 

<Q - Karen Short>: Okay, great. Thanks. 

Operator 

We'll go next to Neil Currie with UBS. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Neil Currie>: Yes, thanks for taking my question and congratulations on getting through the year. Obviously 
been a tough one. Just on the back of that last question about – about comps and balancing sales growth against gross 
margins. Clearly your gross margins have been very strong the last two quarters, helped by favorable cost of goods 
sold. But if I look at your two-year comps, they have actually been deteriorating. And how do you balance that 
investment? 

Did you ever look back and say, maybe we could have reinvested more of that gross margin? Because most of your 
competitors are seeing gross margin declines. Or do you think it's one of those things that just has to be balanced very 
progressively, and you can't just dive in and reinvest every bit of gross margin you save? 

<A - John Mackey, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, obviously we think we got the right strategy, so 
we think we've got the right balance between maintaining gross margins that our business model needs, while making 
strategic price investments where it's appropriate. If we didn't think we had the right strategy, we'd change it. 

<A - Walter Robb>: Neil, this is Walter, adding to John. I'm looking at a chart here that we're tracking two-week 
average and eight-week average on a one and a two-year basis, and so I don't know what you're looking at for two year 
numbers, but. 


<Q - Neil Currie>: I'm looking at your sum of two years, excluding foreign currency in the first table, and it shows 
that in the third quarter down 1.5, fourth quarter down 2.4 and current quarter to date down 2.4? 

<A - Walter Robb>: Well, we can't do anything about sales from – comps from last year, so. 

<Q - Neil Currie>: Sure. 

<A - Walter Robb>: We're preferring to focus on the fact that our same-store sales are sequentially improving from 
Q4 over Q3, and Q1 over Q4. I mean we'd like them to improve faster, but they are what they are. I guess we're – in 
terms of your question, is really could we invest more? 

<Q - Neil Currie>: Yes. 

<A - Walter Robb>: And the answer is we could always invest more, because you can always play more price. But I 
think we're trying to make those intelligent investments based on what the marketplace is doing and based on what we 
think our competitors are doing, and where we think selectively it makes sense to do it. And it is always a constant 
balancing of those things. And my sense of it is, and my sense I think for the operating committee is that we are gaining 
momentum. I'll go back and study those numbers again, but my sense is we are striking the right balance. We're in the 
right neighborhood now with those investments. But I mean, certainly we are keyed up to do more if we have to, and if 
we need to. 

<Q - Neil Currie>: Okay. Sounds good. In terms of the Wild Oats stores and that very useful table you gave us with 
the comps by age group. Where do the Wild Oats stores fit in? Are they sort of considered new stores for you when 
they were bought, or is their actual age – do they fit into whatever age band they would in terms of when they were 
actually opened? 

<A - Glenda Chamberlain>: Yes, they are their actual age. They are in their actual age group. 

<Q - Neil Currie>: Okay. Would that help to explain why the stores sort of five years and older are doing better than 
the stores – sorry, the stores eight years and older are doing better than the stores between five and eight, because 
you've got some Wild Oats stores in there which have been remodeled and showing some uplift? 

<A - Glenda Chamberlain>: It could be. We have Oats stores in most of the age groups. 

<A - Walter Robb>: But Oats is less than 10% of our sales, so it's not that big of an impact. 

<Q - Neil Currie>: Okay. Well in general then, would there be any reason you could call out that would cause the 
older stores to be doing better than the five to eight, maybe the demographics of those stores or anything like that? 

<A - Walter Robb>: Sometimes it's just kind of way the few – you've been following us for a long time, Neil, so you 
know that every time a quarter passes, some new stores move into different categories. 

<Q - Neil Currie>: Right. 

<A - Walter Robb>: And probably what's happened is we have some stores that are less profitable for us, maybe aren't 
doing as well on their comps move into that category, and that's dragged it down. 

<A - Cindy McCann>: This is Cindy. Neil, that's correct. I mean if we look at the last three quarters that hasn't been 
the case. The eight to 11 has performed better than the over 11. 

<Q - Neil Currie>: Yes. 

<A - Cindy McCann>: So it is just most likely a case of stores, or some stores just... 

<Q - Neil Currie>: Haven't been paying attention obviously. Okay. Well, thanks very much. And well done for getting 
through the year. 

<A - Cindy McCann>: Thank you. 


<A - Walter Robb>: Thank you. 

Operator 

We go next to Bob Summers with Pali Capital. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Bob Summers>: Hi, Good afternoon. So you have $500 million on the balance sheet, free cash flow in '10 should 
be 225 to 300. Any ideas on where that goes to use? 

<A - John Mackey, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: We're going to hoard it. 

<Q - Bob Summers>: Okay. 

<A - John Mackey, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Seriously we're going to continue to grow. Obviously, 
we're going to invest capital in new stores and remodels, but we are shoring up our balance sheet. We're going to 
continue to produce free cash flow. We have quite a bit of long-term debt going to mature in 2012, we anticipate 
having – producing enough cash flow at that – in the next couple of years to pay that off in full. And having been in this 
business for so long, 30 years, I always used to say Whole Foods Market's cash flow is totally reliable and totally 
predictable, and we've always had high single-digit or low double-digit comps since the founding of the company. So 
2009 caused us to rethink our business, and rethink our business model, and we're going to have a more conservative 
attitude towards our balance sheet going forward. 

We never want to ever be in a situation like we were a year ago, where we had too much debt, not enough cash, and we 
saw our sales declining, and hence the possibility that we weren't going to have enough money. So we're going to have 
a very conservative approach to our balance sheet going forward, and hopefully we'll maintain higher cash levels on a 
go-forward basis. 

<Q - Bob Summers>: Okay. And then just with that same conservative idea in mind, I'm trying to correlate or combine 
a couple of things here. Your analysis is telling you that on 300 crossover or so items you're at parity. I'm assuming that 
within whatever the gross margin expectation you have for '10 there's savings with probably offsets from ongoing value 
initiatives. There is this commentary out there about incremental price investments. Are you just leaving dry powder to 
respond to competitors? Or maybe put it another way, would you ever proactively cut price just to try and juice the 
comp? 

<A - John Mackey, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Would we ever? Possibly. 

<A - A.C. Gallo>: I would add to that, it's just not as simple as that. I don't – we're a little different, I think than some 
other stores that would maybe cut prices and then do a ton of advertising and goose their sales a little bit. We really try 
to strategically make these price investments, and they have to be done over a period of time so that customers get 
awareness that a particular area or category is of a different value. And we'll do testing in different parts of the country 
in different categories, and we'll see what happens over a period of time, if a price investment was really worthwhile or 
not. So I don't see us doing like a big cut in a big advertising campaign, and we all have great new lower prices 
everywhere. I think it's more something that we need to do over time, and strategically. 

<Q - Bob Summers>: Okay. And then just lastly, from a longer-term perspective, thinking about labor expense, you 
clearly have done a good job of managing labor expense in a declining comp environment. Nut from a structural 
perspective, thinking ahead, what kind of opportunities do you think you have? 

<A - Walter Robb>: We previously talked about a medium to longer-term initiative to bring our structures down. 
We've been working on that, and I don't know if we've provided actual details on that or not, but, so. 

<A - John Mackey, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: It's part of our long-term strategy, but over several 
years. 

<A - Walter Robb>: Right. 


<A - John Mackey, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: To make incremental improvements on the cost side 
of our business, and we set internal goals that we have not announced publicly, but we do have internal goals to take 
costs out of our business model. 

So – but we certainly don't want to create the expectation that we are going to have huge gains in 2010. It's a lot easier 
to leverage expenses when your sales are going up than when you are in a flat comp environment. So, we're starting to 
see positive comps, and we've got some weak comparisons going forward, so we're hopeful that we'll see some good 
comp gains possibly in 2010. 

But we're not – we don't know what is going to happen with the money supply, inflation and the CPI. We're in a very 
weird time, as everybody knows. It's very hard to – you guys have to make these business model predictions, and it's 
not easy to do. It's no easier for us. We don't exactly completely foresee the future. And so we're just taking a cautious, 
conservative attitude. We have long term goals to take costs out of systems, but we're not making any bold predictions 
for what we're going to do in 2010. 

<Q - Bob Summers>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

We have time for one last question. It comes from Mark Miller with William Blair. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Mark Miller>: I'll try to make at it good one, then. In the past you've talked about the various customer segments, 
foodies, the healthy lifestyle customer, and mainstream. And I think you felt that you may have lost some of the 
mainstream during the economic downturn. As the comps have improved, do you have a sense for – is that the healthy 
lifestyle customer who's coming back more frequently and spending a little bit more with each visit, or do you think 
you're re-attracting some of the mainstream customers who maybe feel like economically things have settled down? 

<A - Walter Robb>: Well, this is Walter, the – I mean the rebound is being lead by customer count, in other words 
more folks coming in. And I mean our own sense of it is that it's actually the customers – our loyal customers, or the 
partial basket customers buying more are coming more frequently. That's what it looks like based on the basket size 
being flat. So I don't know that our value efforts have – and they really haven't been targeted at the mainstream all item 
shopper. They've been targeted more really giving our loyal customers and our partial basket shoppers a continued 
reason to come and visit the store, and visit the store more often. 

<A - John Mackey, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Could be a bunch of buy-cotters you never know. 

<Q - Mark Miller>: Through the end of the fiscal year, can you give us an update on penetration of private label and 
exclusives. I know you've talked about that proprietary mix, if you will. That it maybe had come down relative to 
where it was years ago, but where do you want to take that over the next couple of years as well? 

<A - Walter Robb>: Well, you know, we had got up to around 2300, 2400 SKUs, and we have done some pruning, as 
we – and Michael Besancon's leadership, we've done some pruning, and brought that down closer to 2,000 SKUs. And 
I think we're doing lot of work on the rebranding of the three categories, and really working on the quality standards on 
those items as well. 

So I mean, obviously private label has played a big part in our sales this last year, as the customers really flocked to 
private label at the beginning of the year, that balance with branded product has moderated some as we've come into 
the back half of the year. But I think we're – we feel pretty good about where we are now, and we're going to be very 
targeted on adding specific categories. Like, we've just added a new 365 nut program for the holidays, and really just 
saw some numbers on that, that we're – we've already blown through, in the first four weeks, 40% of the run rate for all 
of last year on that product. 

So I think there's some very select categories like bulk and cheese where we're going to really play the private label 
card and bring all those things together. But in terms numbers of SKUs, I think we're probably going to just be more 
moderate in terms of the growth. 


<Q - Mark Miller>: Okay. My final question is, on the some of the gain-sharing impact last year, kind of a shock 
absorber for shareholders as the company was seeing earnings declines, but how does that – can you explain again how 
that works? Is that a rolling calculation, or is that real time in every period? And how much headwind, if it's significant 
does that represent for you in fiscal 2010? 

<A - Walter Robb>: A. C.? 

<A - A. C. Gallo>: Gain sharing, are you referring to it as – the thought that because – because we pay our gain sharing 
that it might potentially cause some headwinds for our profits going forward? Is that what you said? 

<Q - Mark Miller>: I mean, you've got a balance across stakeholder groups, and when profits turn down, some of that 
pain, I guess, was distributed across your employees as well. And to the extent that that occurred, does that then create 
a – is that part of the more difficult expense comparison? And I'm just trying to get a sense for how? 

<A - A. C. Gallo>: No, I would say it's really not an issue, we, as sales went down this year, obviously there was some 
cutting back in hours in the store, primarily as people left we didn't rehire. So we were able to manage our labor 
expense in the stores really well, and the great news was that we were able to, both at the same time, really control 
labor expenses, but also ended up the year in really good shape on our gain sharing situation. 

Where what can happen is, if teams overspend their labor, they can create these negative savings pools, but we ended 
the year in really great shape, probably better than we've been in many, many years. So we're in very good shape, both 
from the standpoint of labor's really controlled in the stores, the gain-sharing payouts to our team members are very 
good right now, so they're very happy with that, and that there's really no significant problems with any kind of 
negative carry forward at all. It's in very good shape. 

<Q - Mark Miller>: Good. Thanks and good luck. 

Operator 

And I'll turn it back over to the speakers for any closing remarks. 

John Mackey, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer 

Okay, thanks for listening in. With the holidays just around the corner, we just wanted to give you a quick reminder 
that we have a strong presence in all the major metro markets, and we'd love to provide everything you need for your 
family gatherings and holiday celebrations. Whether you want to purchase the ingredients to create your own feast, or 
want us to do it for you, our stores will be offering all sorts of varieties of fresh natural organic and heirloom meat and 
poultry, a full range of prepared meals for all family sizes. 

So Happy Holidays everyone, and as always we appreciate your support and look forward to speaking with you again 
in February on our first quarter earnings call. A transcript of the scripted portion of this call, along with a recording of 
this call, is available now on our website at wholefoodsmarket.com. Thanks very much. 

Cindy McCann 

Bye everyone. 

Operator 

This does conclude today's teleconference. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you, and have a great day. 


This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2011, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


