Company Name: Wynn Resorts 
Company Ticker: WYNN US 
Date: 2007-05-07 
Event Description: Q1 2007 Earnings Call 

Q1 2007 Earnings Call 

MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good afternoon, and welcome to the Wynn Resorts Limited First Quarter Conference Call. Joining the call on behalf of 
the company today are Steve Wynn; Ron Kramer; Marc Schorr; John Strzemp, CFO of Wynn Resorts; Andrew Pascal, 
President of Wynn Las Vegas; David Sisk, CFO of Wynn Las Vegas; and on the phone Grant Bowie, President of 
Wynn Macau and Steve (sic) [Scott] Peterson, CFO of Wynn Macau. 

All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a 
question and answer session. [Operator Instructions]. 

Now I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Kramer. Please go ahead, sir. 

Ronald J. Kramer, President 

Thank you. First just want to correct that it's Scott Peterson, our CFO at Wynn Macau. Thank you, Amanda. Good 
afternoon, everyone. We are broadcasting this conference call live on www.WynnResorts.com where you can also find 
the earnings release which we circulated earlier today. 

Before we begin I need to remind you that today's conference call contains forward-looking statements that we are 
making under the Safe Harbor provision of federal securities laws. I would also like to caution you that the company's 
actual results could differ materially from the anticipated results of these forward-looking statements. Please see today's 
press release under the caption Forward-looking Statements for the discussion of risks that may aspect our results. 

In addition, we might discuss adjusted property EBITDA which is a non-GAAP measure. A reconciliation of those 
measures with the most comparable GAAP measure is included in the press release. 

With that I'm going to turn the call over to Steve Wynn who is going to spend a few minutes giving you an update on 
our company's performance and then we'll open the lines up for questions. Steve? 

Stephen A. Wynn, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Hello, everybody. We're very happy to announce that we are as of this moment the largest payer of taxes per table in 
China at Macau. I say that in that particular form because we're very grateful to be in Macau. And we took our 
experiences and humility with us there and we're still trying very hard to learn how to be a good neighbor in that city 
and to make people feel that they're glad we came. We're working very hard to understand that market and the public 
response to our facility has been very gratifying, and the chance to pay the most taxes per table is a privilege for us, and 
we're glad to have that privilege. 

There's been a great deal of conversation since our fellow companies have issued earnings by the investment 
community about the future of the industry in Las Vegas and in Macau. And I know there are a lot of people on this 
phone call today with very different interests, one from the other. The most important group that's on this phone call 
though are those people who are actually investors in Wynn Resorts, and so today I'm going to speak to them. As to the 
rest of the folks, you're free to sit back and enjoy it or not enjoy it as the case may be. 

But I want to talk to my shareholders who are the people that I care about, and try and use the results that we see for 
this past quarter in the most constructive and positive way, which is as an indication of what to expect in the future. I 
watch TV commercials and without getting too cute today, there's an awful lot of commercials about male 


enhancement, and I think if you want male enhancement the best thing to do is call the 800 number, but if you want to 
make money in the gaming industry, size does not matter. That point has been proven over and over and over again 
historically. 

And so today for a minute or two I'm going to talk about the history of Las Vegas and the history in Macau, and I'm 
going to have to be specific. I'm going to mention the names of hotels, our neighbors, people that I respect and admire. 
And so I'm going to go back to 1989 when Mirage opened up. That began a period that most people call the modern 
period in Las Vegas with big mega resort hotels that cost hundreds and hundreds of millions of dollars. 

In the early '90s MGM opened up. Mirage had cost 600 to $650 million. It had 3,000 rooms. MGM opened up with a 
theme park for 1.25 billion and 5,000 rooms, and never really made as much money as the Mirage. As a matter of fact, 
after MGM opened Mirage made more money than it had the year before. In that case, it was the total mix of the 
property and more importantly the way the staff behaved in that facility that really determined the outcome, and 
nothing changed. 

We did an annual report I remember that said we build houses of brick and we put the Three Little Pigs on the cover of 
the annual report to stress the point that it was not size but quality that determined the outcome in this highly 
competitive market. It was also true in Atlantic City where the Golden Nugget out-grossed and out-netted all of the 
larger hotels even though it was one of the smallest. Size has not mattered to the public. 

The reason that has been true is that the public is far more discreet, far more perceptive than we sometimes give them 
credit for. They come to these resorts in America seeking a special experience and if they get it, they reward those 
establishments with their patronage. They do not in any way, shape or form respond to pure size. They don't care how 
many rooms are in the hotel. They only care about the room they're staying in. They don't care about how many 
restaurants you've got. They care about the quality of the dinner as they eat it each night. 

Now that may sound a little simplistic, but it's profoundly important thing to keep in mind. It isn't so much size as it is 
quality. Now if you can have size and quality and you can staff the hotel with a wonderful staff, then of course you 
have an overwhelming success. 

We have two hotels on the Strip, both of them relatively new, the Venetian and MGM. Both of them have 4,000 rooms. 
But one of them – the Bellagio rather and Venetian. One of them has bigger rooms than the other. One of them has 
more convention space than the other. One of them has more stores than the other. And yet one hotel makes tens of 
millions of dollars consistently every year than the other. 

Now we sit here with a relatively small hotel by today's standards. The 4,000 room hotels have 50% more rooms than 
we do. In the last quarter one of them grossed $20 million more than us and the other one grossed substantially less 
than us and made less than us. These lessons show again and again what the history of Las Vegas has been. I remember 
when Caesars Palace was the premier establishment. They had 1300 rooms and out-earned the old MGM, which is now 
Bally, which had 2800 rooms. 

So I mean, I don't know how many years and how many times the same story has to be repeated before we finally get 
the message that size in and of itself doesn't matter. Now we sit here with this hotel today with very little walk-in 
business, yet we have the highest win per machine and per table in town. We're surrounded on one side by our own 
construction; on the other side by the new Palazzo and Barneys hotel. 

We're told that the hotel will be ready this year or very close to this year, and we're thrilled about that because it will 
mean tens of millions of dollars more in business to us when we don't have a noisy and dirty construction site next door 
but we have a wonderful new 3,000 room hotel next to us. And we're told that as you'd expect with experience every 
new project is better than the previous one because the developers learn from experience, and we're hoping that that's 
going to be the case in Las Vegas. 

But there is no question that the size of the ambition of the projects in Las Vegas, meaning CityCenter and Echelon 
Place, are orders of magnitude, bigger than anything this city has ever seen in its history in the last century and so far 
this one. It cannot be taken lightly that the expansions that are underway at CityCenter and Echelon Place represent an 
entirely new dimension for this city. 

We ourselves are in construction. We're on the 24th or 25th floor of Encore, and there was only one place for us to go: 
up. Up in terms of quality, up in terms of size, up in terms of all the other things, and that's why Encore is expensive. 
We're up to now where we say a new hotel in Las Vegas, about a million a room, a nice round number. I remember the 


good old days when 600,000 was considered expensive. 

In China, same exact thing. Forgetting Encore and Palazzo and Echelon Place and CityCenter, the size of the ambition 
of the Cotai expansion is mind boggling. It is fantastic in every way, just as the market itself is fantastic in every way. 

I agree with all of the points that the people at the Venetian have made in their conversations with the investment 
community about size. But what we in this company stress to our shareholders is that we must not take tomorrow for 
granted. I do not think that we should be anything but very conservative with this unprecedented expansion of demand 
in Macau. 

Because in Macau we saw the same lesson of Las Vegas repeated as quickly as you could possibly see. Hundreds of 
tables were added at our neighboring casino, and they did less money than they did before; and in some cases, less 
money than us in some cases. Certainly per table, and I think in February less in absolute dollars, and that of course 
changes depending on luck. 

But we cannot blindly trust size. We cannot blindly go for any kind of bloated rhetoric about size itself because it has 
not held true historically in our market and in our industry. What we can expect is that wonderful new hotels will be 
built. Hopefully like the Venetian when it's all finished and they get all of its parts open, it's our practice to open 
everything all at once if we possibly can. 

And so we all need the Cotai to be everything that we expect it to be. But at the present time we're engaged in our own 
expansion in Macau on the Peninsula with the Diamond Suites. And on our anniversary on September 6th we will have 
a huge blowout event in which we unveil the next set of offerings that we've prepared for the Chinese public including 
entertainment, special features, new food offerings, and of course more opportunity. 

We are capacity constrained at the moment in our casinos. We haven't seen any kind of drop in our general casino. 
Adjusted for the amount of days, we were ahead in the first quarter from what we did in the fourth. And our VIP 
business has grown dramatically. And that's continued during April and the first Golden Week of May. 

So that pretty much brings everybody up to date and this note of caution that I would like to inject into future 
expectations about China. If we do a very good job, if we take very good care of our employees, I think we're going to 
be fine. But if we underestimate the public in China which has been the case sometimes in the past in that city, there 
will be disappointments ahead. 

I'll take questions. Who's first in the questions today? 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from Celeste Brown with Morgan Stanley. 

<Q - Stephen Wynn>: Hi Celeste. 

<Q - Celeste Brown>: Hi, good afternoon. Can you comment on I guess one of your neighbor's comments on Macau 
helping or not helping competitiveness in Vegas? 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Well, that's an interesting thing. I think it was MGM that said that they probably were 
disadvantaged by not having a casino open in Macau. I think that the management of MGM is absolutely terrific. That's 
a little bit of a selfish remark. Most of those guys used to work for me and I know them, and I like and respect Terry 
Lanni. However, I disagree with that statement. And again history, history everybody. Pay attention to it. 

For the past three years prior to the – for the past year, prior to the opening of Wynn Macau, the Sands had two year 
advantage on everybody with business in Macau. Did the Sands have the best baccarat game in Las Vegas? The answer 
is no, it did not. It did not stop the Sands from being in third position in many cases behind Wynn and MGM. 

What we have learned – I hate to sound like a broken record, but those Chinese people are discriminating, sophisticated 
people. It's not just that you get to meet them in China. It's what kind of experience they have in China. So if everything 
is perfect in China, then they give you the benefit of doubt in Las Vegas. But having a casino in China did not make a 
casino the same company in Las Vegas have the number one Chinese baccarat game. 


Now that's not my opinion. I'm not trying to be pejorative about our neighbor. But as a straightforward question, it was 
a remark made by the MGM and it patently is not true. If you have a wonderful hotel in China, then you get the benefit 
of the doubt by those people who come to visit you, and they naturally would like to test you out in another location. 
It's like the Four Seasons. You trust them, you stay at a Four Seasons. 

So having a casino in Macau did not in any way guarantee an advantage to the Sands for at least the two years they 
were open. When we opened up our baccarat game, not having a casino in Macau didn't make any difference 
whatsoever. So again, Celeste – and I'm never ever going to call you ma'am again, I'm sorry about that, Celeste. 

<Q - Celeste Brown>: Okay. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: You know what happened? It's because I went to military school, and we used to call our 
girlfriends ma'am. You know, anybody who was the same age. I've certainly learned the difference now. So Celeste, 
that's what I'm thinking about that. Again, all you've really got to do is look at the Las Vegas history. It's the clearest 
indication of how customers behave, and what really matters to us. 

<Q - Celeste Brown>: Right. But I guess thinking about properties, can you share us with your thoughts on Cotai in 
terms of when you might announce something? Do you want to wait and see how the market progresses once Cotai 
opens or will you move forward before we have visibility on Cotai? 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Well, we've spent quite a bit of time putting together a Cotai plan which we gave to the 
government and that's moving along very nicely. And so we've taken a Wynn Resorts kind of stab at what we want to 
build in Cotai. And as you can imagine, we're consistent. We go for quality. If we can figure out how to maintain that 
image and still have capacity. On a larger scale, we do. For example in Las Vegas – in Macau on our anniversary we'll 
go to 480 games, and when we're finished there we'll be in 510 or 15, Marc? 

<A - Marc Schorr>: Yes. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: And 1,000 slot machines this September. We've got 470 or 80 now and we're going to go up to 
1,000 and we end up at 1,300 on the Peninsula. We have more room and a wonderful opportunity to build really 
stunning facilities in China, in Macau, on the Cotai Strip. We're right next to the ferry terminal. We're the first hotel 
that you come to from the ferry terminal or from the airport. I'm hoping that that will be an advantage someday, and we 
have taken that into account in the way we've presented our property. 

We haven't shown and discussed the nuances of that facility quite yet for two reasons. First of all, we think it's 
appropriate that the government give its final blessing to what we do before we begin to beat our chest about it. And 
secondly, we'd sort of like to keep our cards close to our vest until after the other fellows have committed themselves 
and can't double back and copy us. 

<Q - Celeste Brown>: Okay, thank you very much. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Joseph Greff with Bear Stearns. 

<Q - Joseph Greff>: Hello everyone. How are you? 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Hi. 

<Q - Joseph Greff>: Steve, it certainly wasn't reflected in the first quarter results in Macau, but are you finding 
yourselves now looking or having to pay your employees more or have any kind of increased retention costs to junket 
operators similar to what the Las Vegas Sands talked about in the 1Q? 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Real interesting question. I heard that one of the companies, I think it was Venetian, said that 
one of the things that's interfered with their margin is that they're carrying all these employees. That means they won't 
need any of ours, presumably if that's true. The fact of the matter is that we're spending 3 or 4 million – Samantha, how 
much a quarter are we spending on the people we're carrying for...? 

<A - Samantha Stewart>: 3 to 4. 


<A - Stephen Wynn>: 3 to 4 million a quarter. We've got all our people for the Wynn Diamond casino that opens on 
our anniversary. We won't be looking for anybody from anybody else. We're very happy that we're in that spot and it 
gives us a chance for extended training. But our margins include like you know, 1 million, 1.25 million a month that 
we're spending on carrying on other people so that we are prepared in-house for our folks. 

And we've also learned in the past – again, history tells the story. In the '90s Mirage Resorts received every single 
award in America in human resources, a couple of them twice. We were HR Magazine's company of the year. We were 
the Human Resource Institute's company. It's the reason we got to be the second most admired company in America. 
It's because of HR. We've learned over a period of time that the opportunity to make people feel good about themselves 
and to feel good about the enterprise causes them to be happy and to stay at work. 

It's always a challenge to do that in the face of growth, in the face of learning new things. I mean things never stay the 
same in the world today and they certainly don't stay the same in business. But our priority is to be the employer of 
choice. During the '90s the average turnover in the gaming industry was in the high 30s and low 40s. Our company was 
less than 12. 

I'm suggesting that companies are like horses. They run true to form. Companies that open hotels that are complete and 
that are well staffed tend to open up hotels that are complete and well staffed again. And those that don't, don't. People 
behave in a consistent way. Now we won't know how this works out 'til it works out. But if you're asking me, and Mr. 
Greff, I believe that we will keep our staff and that we will be the top hotel in Macau no matter how many people build 
hotels there and no matter what they say, just as we are in Las Vegas. 

<Q - Joseph Greff>: And with respect to commission for junket operators? 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Well, that's another interesting question. We hear rumors. We heard that one of our competitors 
was going to go to 1.45, which would be in my view an act of desperation that won't work, but maybe it's not true. We 
average way less. You see, we operate our own junket program and – along with other junket programs, and our 
average is less than that, way less than that. And so if someone goes to 1.45 or – you know what happens? 

In the past, every single – again, history. In Las Vegas, all the years that Mirage and Bellagio dominated the Asian high 
roller business, and dominate is the only word that you could use, every single hotel that we competed with had bigger 
suites and offered deeper discounts. You think this is not new? This technique to try and buy the business is as old as 
Methuselah, but I'll tell you the way it works. You're either the grantor of favors or you're the beggar of favors. And the 
minute you get on your knees with a customer that's got money, you're a dead duck. 

The worst thing you could do is be the club that's begging for members. Everybody wants to belong to the club they 
can't get into. And you start jacking up commissions and you're on your knees, and with a status-conscious, highly 
mobile population like the top end Chinese business, that's probably the kiss of death. It shows that you're needy, and 
no one wants to play in a place that's needy. You start begging, and that's like the perfect formula to drive away a top 
end customer. So we will not be the leader of that parade ever. 

<Q - Joseph Greff>: Great. Thank you. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: I don't care what the other guys do. Matter of fact, I sort of like it when they do. It's just a sign 
of weakness that works for us. 

<Q - Joseph Greff>: Excellent. Thanks Steve. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Lawrence Klatzkin with Jefferies. 

<Q - Lawrence Klatzkin>: Hey Steve, couple quick questions. One, do we have the budget for the Diamond Suites? Is 
it still $400 million? 

<A - Ronald Kramer>: We're still working on it and when we finalize it, we'll put it out later this quarter. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: It's going to come in two parts. It will be everything that opens up on our anniversary and that is 
a firm date now, and that's principally all of the gaming except for if you could imagine... 


<A - Ronald Kramer>: That's already included in the 1.2 billion. 1.2 billion budget is still good for the Diamond 
Tower. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: 2, that whole, and then there's the Tower and the stuff that's under it that's under construction 
now which includes some new retail, two restaurants, and two VIP casinos with 14 or 15 tables each that are quite 
stunning. And they're right next to the back door and the side door entrance of MGM. We want to cuddle up to our 
neighbors that we love and respect, so we're putting those VIP casinos right there. And that side entrance, that side of 
our hotel which is the south side is the scene now of the new MGM hotel, which we're hoping is going to be a standout, 
and also the Pansy Ho is building a Mandarin Oriental that doesn't have gaming that opens on to the same plaza. And 
Angela Ho and her group are doing a New World building. 

And all of us are going to have this – you can walk out one door and into the other. It's going to be quite something, 
high end places on the south side of our Peninsula property. These things all come in to season in the next 24 months. 
It's part of the unprecedented expansion that is occurring in Macau, not just on Cotai; hardly just on Cotai. It's quite 
everywhere. Not to mention this week we're going to see our friends at PBL and Melco open up their new place. 

<Q - Lawrence Klatzkin>: Is it true there's going to be a subway stop between you and MGM? 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Would you repeat that question? 

<Q - Lawrence Klatzkin>: Is it true there's going to be a light rail stop planned right between MGM and your 
property? 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Oh, they talk about using monorails or other types of public transportation. As time goes by, I 
don't believe the government has made a final decision on that quite yet. Scott or Grant, has there been a formal 
decision made by the Macau government? 

<A - Grant Bowie>: No, they're due to issue their final recommendations within the next month, but no, no final 
decision. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: So first there will be a final recommendation and then the government will or won't take action 
on it? Is that right, Grant? 

<A - Grant Bowie>: That's correct. They'll go out for another round of public consultation and then they'll finalize the 
arrangement... 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: So the answer is it's a little early, huh? 

<A - Grant Bowie>: Correct. 

<Q - Lawrence Klatzkin>: All right, and then the last question is just I noticed you guys had a little bit of luck in 
Vegas. Could you guys give us what you calculated to be how much you gained from that? 

<A>: Approximately 15 to 17 million. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: I asked Bob Baldwin once, I said, "The Bellagio must gross – if we gross 1.3 billion or 4 in 
order to make our money before you know, we take off comps and promotional allowances, Bellagio with 4,000 rooms 
must be doing 1.5 billion, 1.6 billion 6." And I said. "Of the money that you make, Bobby, how much goes – comes 
from walk-in business?" You know, we never actually tried to really nail that number down. But I was interested how 
much money Bellagio for example – call that a hotel with a perfect location geographically, how much business does it 
get? 

And I said, "Would it be 10% of your volume, 15%? Would it be 150, 200 million?" And he said, "Maybe more." Well, 
let's say that it's 150 to 200 million and on that business you're making a 40% margin, my goodness. Aren't we happy to 
look forward to that? The numbers that we're generating are in spite of that. We're across the street from the Frontier. It 
might as well be closed half the time. The shopping center closes at 10:00 at night. The Stardust has disappeared. 

We're building Encore on one side and Sheldon Adelson and Bill Weidner and Rob Goldstein are doing Palazzo on the 
other side. Right now that's a scene of flying debris and incessant banging on a steel structure. It keeps my guests up at 
night and I'm amazed that anybody stays at this hotel at all. I'm totally stunned that they pay the highest room rate here. 
I think we may be able to raise our prices when they get through banging at the Palazzo. We don't have much walk-in. 
But people come in. What we do have is stay in. S-T-A-Y in. Stay and play in. That's the name of the game here. 


<Q - Lawrence Klatzkin>: Thank you, Steve. Is there any timing on enlightening us on what you'll do with the golf 
course after you finish the Encore? 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Well, one of the wonderful things is we get to watch the CityCenter. The CityCenter, that is 
such a fascinating and unbelievable thing. We have a master plan of our golf course that takes a different approach than 
CityCenter. It creates Central Park and puts a bunch of hotels around Central Park that sit on Central Park much the 
way the Metropolitan Museum sits on Central Park. And you walk across the street or over a bridge into the 
Convention Center at the Sands or at the Convention Center, the Las Vegas Convention Bureau. 

But the back of these hotels and the suites in these hotels and the meeting rooms in these hotels open on to a park where 
there are no cars, just a wonderful pedestrian place. So our approach is altogether different than our friends at MGM. 

But on the other hand we didn't pay all that money for land. We just paid 1.6 million an acre for all 240 acres. And we 
don't have anything to rip down like our friends at Harrah's. All we've got to do is move a tree. So we're in a very nice 
position, but we're fascinated to see how our neighbors show us the way. And then we'll get to go last. 

<Q - Lawrence Klatzkin>: Right, well thank you, Steve. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Jay Cogan with Banc of America Securities. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Hi Jay. 

<Q - Jeremy Cogan>: Hey, how are you doing, Steve? I'm actually trying to help raise your room rates here in Macau 
right now as we speak so... 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: That a boy. 

<Q - Jeremy Cogan>: ...second quarter. Hey, I've got a few questions for you about Macau as it relates just first on the 
hold, the area I guess touched on, just Vegas. Ron is it fair saying 4 or 5 million related to the relative hold percentage 
for Macau as well? 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: I'm sorry, would you...? 

<Q - Jeremy Cogan>: In terms of the impact on cash flow at the property, the 3.3% hold if I remember seeing the 
press release correctly? 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Well, you know one of the side effects of hotels like we build – I made this point in the last 
quarter; I'm making it again, is that people play longer, they stay longer. They don't drop in to sniff it out. They hang 
out. That's why size doesn't matter. It's another thing that matters. Whether it's at the low end or the high end, people 
play longer in our places. We had a comparative number. We only get to see certain things, so we get to see – I don't 
have the sheet in front of me. Maybe Matt Maddox will do it. What is the drop in this casino versus the one next door 
in Las Vegas, the table? Go ahead, Sam. 

<A - Samantha Stewart>: Oh, in Las Vegas? In Las Vegas? 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: In Las Vegas. 

<A - Samantha Stewart>: I was going to give you Macau. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: The same size casino, one's has got 4,000 rooms... 

<A - Samantha Stewart>: 350 versus 550. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: One is 550 in handle, one is 350 in handle. Now why would that be true? Why would a hotel 
with a better walk-in position and more rooms get a result radically different from one than the other? I look at such 
things – and I always have, I've always been a student of this. I've looked at these things and I've said to myself, "Hmm, 
why did Caesars Palace make so much money than MGM in the old days when they only had 1300 rooms?" I kept that 
in mind and I had Caesars Palace in mind and MGM, the old MGM in mind when we built the Mirage. I wanted to get 
that kind of customer loyalty. 


And we're still trying to learn how to do that better. And I think that the people next door are learning how to do it 
better too. We'll see what happens when Palazzo opens. We're hoping for the best. We want to have strong neighbors. 
We want to have smart neighbors. We want people that do care about quality and don't have a blind reliance on size 
and you know, what I would call inflated rhetoric. 

It's about these numbers. It's about the damn numbers. You can't keep ignoring them. They are what they are. And there 
comes a moment when all of us have to sort of deal with the truth of it. And you know I think we tend to – casinos that 
have people that sit around longer and have better customers tend to have a higher hold percentage. It also can go the 
other way, people win too so – but you look at the long range thing. We finished the year with a 22% hold percentage. 
We always held higher than our neighbors at Bellagio. 

<Q - Jeremy Cogan>: Right. I think – I was talking about Macau, but I understand the idea given how large your 
volume is. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Well, does a Chinese guy behave any differently in Las Vegas than he does in Macau? Of 
course not. Nobody is behaving any differently in China than they are in Las Vegas. That's my point. And the notion 
that somehow on the other side of the world reality has inverted it self is a naive and foolish thing. I'm sitting in this 
conference call and sitting across the table from me is Allan Zeman. Allan is the Chairman of, you know the Park... 

<A - Allan Zeman>: Ocean Park. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Ocean Park in... 

<A - Allan Zeman>: Hong Kong. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: ...in Hong Kong that has more people in it than Disney at the moment. Allan has been there all 
his life. And ever since I started in China, Allan, who has been with me every minute since 2002 has said, "Now look, 
I'm not going to let you make a mistake. You're not going to underestimate these people in Macau and in China. And 
Steve, if there's anything I'm going to do as a member of this Board, I'm not going to let you underestimate these 
people. You just can't throw baccarat tables at them. They'll throw them right back at you sooner or later, especially if 
they get the choice." 

<Q - Jeremy Cogan>: Right. And I hope you weren't implying – I hope it wasn't being read that I was actually 
implying the opposite... 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Of course not, not at all. 

<Q - Jeremy Cogan>: I guess what I was curious is if you do 7 billion or so, if you do this kind of level of volume on 
the VIP side, should we expect to see these kind of hold percentages on a go-forward basis...? 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: I'm thinking that if we get better customers who have a personal preference to game, the hold 
percentage at a gambling hall is determined by the average bet and the length of play. L-O-P. Everybody that's been in 
this business more than 20 minutes knows it. I'll say it again real slowly. Length of play determines hold percentage. 
Length of play determines hold percentage. You get length of play by the kind of product you provide and the service 
that you provide to the people. You don't get it by speeching or yapping on the telephone. You get it by those gritty 
tough things. 

<A - Ronald Kramer>: And Jay...? 

<Q - Jeremy Cogan>: And then in that regard I guess I was wondering, could you talk a little bit, Steve, some of your 
competitors have talked a little bit about how they see the Crown opening potentially or not potentially impacting the 
business? 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: I don't know how they do it, but I was just recently down and – I was in Sydney with Jamie 
Packer, and Jamie was up here last week. And of course we're all excited about his opening. Unfortunately I can't be 
there, but I am clapping and cheering for Jamie just as I am for Palazzo and the Venetian. We need successful 
neighbors. The stronger that market is in Macau, the better it is for Wynn Resorts. A bad hotel is not good for Wynn 
Resorts. We did not get helped at the Mirage by the Aladdin when it first opened, but we were helped by Paris. 

Would Mirage have done better if it was against an empty lot or did it do better because it was against Caesars? Of 
course that's a rhetorical question. We need strong neighbors. Someday I'm hoping that Stanley [Ho] will build a new 
Lisboa across the street from us. That would be wonderful. We don't want any weak neighbors. We want to help our 


neighbors do a better job. We want to goad them. We want to provoke them into it. It's not easy sometimes. Some of 
our neighbors are hard to goad and provoke, but I'm hoping that the performance of our hotel will irritate them enough 
that they will. 

<Q - Jeremy Cogan>: Got you, and then as a final question just on mass market, your numbers were pretty consistent 
first quarter versus fourth quarter. Where are you in the process of additional marketing or efforts to ramp the mass 
business or how do you see that playing out over the next several quarters I guess including your expansion which now 
sounds like it's coming in September? 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Well, first of all we do need some more tables and we need some more seats. That's a nice 
problem to have, but I think that we have to watch ourselves. We're a particular kind of company, and we don't get 
down on our knees. We say if you like to gamble, if you are going to Macau, and you are a person of discretion and 
good taste, and you demand good service and first class facilities, we're your place of choice. And like a British butler, 
we're quiet, and we're very attentive to the responsibility that imposes upon us. 

And that's why we were thrilled when Ian Coughlan left the Peninsula Hotel in Hong Kong and agreed to become the 
Head of Hospitality in our company and at the present time is focusing his rather unusual gifts around with Grant 
Bowie on our hotel in China and our expansions in China. And that's why Ian and Grant attract the kind of people they 
do. It's why Wendy Yu does what she does in order to get the right kind of people to work for us. Our marketing is 
basically what we say to each other, and so that's pretty much the answer. 

<A - Ronald Kramer>: Jay, it's Ron. I just want to make sure I gave you the specific answer to your question, so at the 
midpoint of our expected range on the VIP at 2.85, we benefited by about $7 million a quarter. 

<Q - Jeremy Cogan>: Great, all right. Thanks a lot. Really appreciate it. 

<A - Samantha Stewart>: Jay, you also should bear in mind that we have two less days this quarter than the previous 
quarter when you're comparing mass market apples-to-apples. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: And I don't know that – Ron used the word we benefit. By the math, the game would hold 2.6. 
Is that what you're talking about, Ron? 

<A - Ronald Kramer>: That's right, 2.85 at the midpoint of our... 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: When you're using the... 

<A - Ronald Kramer>: Yes. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: That's with the bets on the ties and everything else? 

<A - Ronald Kramer>: Yes. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: But that's not actually what happens. Again I want to stress that if you're trying to understand 
what's going to happen in terms of hold percentage, focus on the length of play. It's not exactly a distortion, but it's a 
bias that you'll notice in places like ours, and you'll see it year in and year out, quarter in and quarter out. 

<A - Ronald Kramer>: And the translation of that is the expected range will move as we have the chance to have a 
longer history with our players and with our operations. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: When the Sands was alone, they were the best place in town I guess for a moment or two, and 
they had the benefit of that. I mean, they were always up around 3. 

<A - Grant Bowie>: Up above, 3 plus. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: They were at 3 plus. See, that's what happens. I mean, that's another demonstration of the bias 
that we're trying to convey to you. And again we're trying to use our numbers and the numbers of our neighbors to try 
and get at the truth, a truth without fanfare, exaggeration or spin, the truth. 

<Q - Jeremy Cogan>: Thanks a lot. 

Operator 


Your next question comes from Robin Farley with UBS. 

<Q - Robin Farley>: Thanks. Yeah, I have two questions. First just to clarify one last time on your comments on the 
hold percentage, and we hear you loud and clear about length of play determining hold, but you're not changing at this 
point the range that you consider normal hold in either Las Vegas or Macau? Is that fair to say? 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: We raised the normal hold in Las Vegas range recently. 

<Q - Robin Farley>: But in terms of this quarter, it's 20 to 25 million in EBITDA from extraordinary hold above your 
recently raised range of normal, is that fair to say? 

<A - Samantha Stewart>: On revenue. 

<A - Grant Bowie>: On revenue. 

<Q - Robin Farley>: So the 7 million benefit in Macau was a revenue benefit, not EBITDA? 

<A - Grant Bowie>: EBITDA... 

<A - Samantha Stewart>: There wasn't any... 

<Q - Robin Farley>: 7 million in Macau and then you said 15 to 17 million in Las Vegas. 

<A - Samantha Stewart>: In EBITDA. 

<A - Grant Bowie>: EBITDA. 

<Q - Robin Farley>: Right. Okay, so a total of over 20 million on the EBITDA line, okay. And then the second 
question was to clarify originally you had a Macau expansion opening in July and the Diamond Suites was not an 
announced opening. Is the September anniversary opening, that's now the July opening that's part one of Diamond 
Suites has now moved to September and then the rest of Diamond Suites we'll hear later? 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Robin, the casino part that we have built already is going to be ready at the end of June, and the 
special attraction in our new lobby is going to be ready in June. We determined earlier this year before the Chinese 
New Year that we wanted a more powerful, more complete, wider, W-I-D-E-R connection between the Wynn casino 
and the Diamond casino than we had on the original plan. That involved making a substantial change in the back of the 
house on the east side of the casino in order to join the two. 

We felt that if we did that, then the Diamond casino and the Wynn casino would be perfectly joined or as perfectly as 
we could possibly do it around the pool. And we thought that it would be a mistake to open the place while that 
construction was in progress. So we postponed the opening of the new part although it was ready, from Chinese New 
Year until July, and then when we finally finished designing the new connection and everything else, we realized that it 
would be totally complete by our anniversary. And so then we moved the date, even though it meant holding tables in 
reserve that were ready to go, we moved the date 'til September 6th. And that's consistent with our role of not wanting 
to limp into the market but make the strongest possible statement when we do open something new. 

<Q - Robin Farley>: Okay, great. And then the second part though, not an opening date yet on the...? 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Now the rooms, are you talking about the rooms, Robin? 

<Q - Robin Farley>: What you're calling I guess now part two of the Diamond... 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Well yeah, it's the rooms, it's the 40 floors, ten suites a floor, 400 suites, the smallest one being 
1,000 square feet. There's 400 of them. There's ten on a floor. And they go all the way up to – you know, each floor is 
the same. We've also quietly – we were doing it secretly; I might as well let it out during this meeting. That way it'll be 
some fun. We had a good deal of luck years and years ago by having the world's biggest golden nugget at the Golden 
Nugget. And I dragged it around and got it on television and then used it as a great promotional tool. And then we put it 
in a beautiful case and we have it on display at the Golden Nugget. I think it's still down there. It was found in 
Australia, the Hand of Faith golden nugget and it was a good thing for us. 

And those were the good old days for me, so I secretly started looking through a friend that is a diamond dealer for the 
biggest diamond in the world six months ago. And we found it finally in Russia. According to the GIA, the 
Gemological Institute of America, the largest diamond in the world, pear shaped. It's a 231 karat gem, and we bought 


the Wynn Diamond. 

It's currently unmounted and it's being – there's a mounting being designed by someone who I'll keep secret for a 
moment. And then it's going to be available in China and we'll tour it around with guards and all the rest. And the 
Wynn Diamond will be on display at the Wynn Diamond Suites. And it is a spectacular looking thing. So those are the 
kind of things that we're going to do later on. 

<Q - Robin Farley>: Interesting. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Lots of fun. 

<Q - Robin Farley>: Great. Thank you. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Yeah. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Bill Lerner with Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - William Lerner>: Thanks. Hi everyone. Steve, can you talk about two things? One, how are you thinking about 
new markets and do you have – is your preference domestic or international at this point? And then the second question 
is your thoughts on Spamalot at this point? 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: New markets. You know, I remember the days when if you were doing $3 billion worth of 
construction it was worth talking about. Now it's almost a rounding error around here. We are currently in $3 billion 
worth of expansion between Macau and Las Vegas. And compared to some of our neighbors, that's small potatoes, but 
we're very focused on that. And we've got two hotels. It's a really simple story with us. We've got two hotels that make 
a little over a million a day between the two of them, separately. That's about it. 

We have no debt in the parent company and a lot of cash. And all of the financing and then both hotels that make over a 
million a day, both hotels are planned for expansions quite simply that are very close to near or close to near doubling 
them. So it takes our EBITDA you know hopefully to another level in the next 18 or 24 months in – it's in that range. 
Some of it comes on earlier, some of it towards end of that period. 

So when we think of other things it's not like our dance card isn't filled. Now we are naturally very interested in certain 
places where we have the capacity to take our brand under control. And under control means that those of us who work 
on design and human resources have the capacity to keep the promise. There's a promise in the Wynn brand. It's the 
reason why we're the only casino resort in the world to hold the five star and the five diamond rating simultaneously. 
We want to keep that promise. We're a niche operator so to speak in that respect. We're sort of the Four Seasons of 
gaming I guess would be a way of putting it, although I – and I have great respect for Izzy Sharpe and his organization 
at Four Seasons. 

We can't be everything to everybody. If the right opportunity presented itself, if we were confident of success and that 
our brand would have reel resonance with the public, then we would try very hard to compete to be in such a market. 
At the present moment, there's nowhere that presses us as a necessity for that. The closest thing to it would have been 
Singapore where we loved it. But at the time we were six or eight months away from opening Macau. We had just 
opened Las Vegas, and we were planning Encore and Diamond Suites. 

We did not have the capacity inside this company to bite into that apple. Our eyes would have been bigger than our 
stomach. I know that some of our competitors have an unlimited capacity for expansion, at least they do in their own 
mind. Whether they do in reality remains to be seen. But I know that in our shop over here, we're probably a little bit 
more humble about our capacity to execute. And that's based upon the fact that in the past we've not always been as 
good as we hoped, and we're trying to do better. 

<Q - William Lerner>: That's helpful. Okay, and then just a follow-up just on Spamalot, how do you think about that 
now? 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Spamalot, a lot of fun. Everybody that comes to see it loves it. We're getting 1,000 people or so 
a show to see it and – which is okay with us. And Le Rêve is doing great so – at around 13,000, 14,000 people a week. 
So I think our entertainment is satisfactory. And I'd love to be able to push the limit up against total capacity in our 


theaters which would give us probably another 7 or 8,000 people a week, but we're operating pretty high now, certainly 
as high or as higher than we ever were in the past with our other hotels. 

When you look at the results of the first quarter, especially if you compare us to Bellagio where we were behind by 20 
million, the differential in our rooms at least is 30 million but we made up 10 of it. But we had Le Rêve down during 
January and February. We had a showroom closed as we were doing some work during February. We had closed Le 
Rêve during March. 

<A - Ronald Kramer>: March. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: March, rather. Yeah, so we were down for part of the quarter at Le Rêve. We were back up in 
April, so in April we got both shows operating. 

<Q - William Lerner>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Edmund Blake with Pinnacle Associates. 

<Q - Edmund Blake, Jr.>: Question for you, Mr. Wynn, as to your competitor. LVS indicated that there was some 
softening in the first quarter in Macau, I believe attendance. Is that company specific or is the total attendance in all 
casinos in Macau a bit softer in the first quarter? 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Sure, we don't have data available except from the companies themselves about their own 
historical comparisons. It is not true of us when we compare prior – we were only open in the fourth quarter of last year 
and a few weeks in the third quarter. So when we look at our first quarter, we compare it only to the quarter before. We 
show no weakening, and in the VIP and in the slots a strengthening, substantial strengthening. That trend has continued 
during April and certainly during the first part of May which is Golden Week. So we don't see that in the limited 
experiences that we have had with our own hotel. We have no way of knowing about SJM which is Stanley Ho's 
company or Galaxy or any of the other related parties that tag along with them. 

<Q - Edmund Blake, Jr.>: Thank you. 

Operator 

There are no further questions at this time. 

Stephen A. Wynn, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, everybody for bearing with us. I hope we've been helpful. Look forward to talking to you next time. Bye 
bye. 

Operator 

This concludes today's Wynn Resorts Limited first quarter conference call. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2007, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


