Q3 2006 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Ronald J. Kramer, President 
• Stephen A. Wynn, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
• Scott Peterson, Chief Financial Officer – Wynn Resorts (Macau), S.A. 
Other Participants 

• William Lerner 
• Celeste Mellet Brown 
• Joseph Greff 
• Harold Curtis 
• Jack Binion 
• Marc Schorr 
• Lawrence Klatzkin 
• Joseph Fath 
• Jeremy Cogan 
• David Anders 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good afternoon, and welcome to the Wynn Resorts Limited Third Quarter Conference Call. Joining the call on behalf 
of the Company today are Stephen Wynn, Chairman and CEO of Wynn Resorts; Ron Kramer, President of Wynn 
Resorts; Jack Binion, Chairman of Wynn International; Marc Schorr, COO of Wynn Resorts; John Strzemp, CFO of 
Wynn Resorts; Andrew Pascal, President and COO of Wynn Las Vegas; David Sisk, CFO of Wynn Las Vegas; Kim 
Sinatra, Senior Vice President and General Counsel; Matt Maddox, Treasurer of Wynn Resorts; and Samantha Stewart, 
Vice President of Investor Relations. Now I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Kramer. Please go ahead, sir. 

Ronald J. Kramer, President 

Thank you, Nicole, and welcome everyone. We are broadcasting this conference call live on www.wynnresorts.com 
where you can also find the earnings release which we issued earlier today. Before we begin, I need to remind you that 
today's conference call contains forward-looking statements that we are making under the Safe Harbor provision of 
Federal Securities laws. I'd also like to caution you that the Company's actual results could differ materially from the 
anticipated results in these forward-looking statements. Please see today's press release under the caption 
Forward-Looking Statements for a discussion of the risks that may affect our results. 

In addition, we will discuss suggested property EBITDA which is a non-GAAP measure. A reconciliation of this 
measure to the most comparable GAAP measure is included in our press release. With that, I'd like to turn the call over 
to Steve Wynn who's going to spend a few minutes giving you an update on the company's performance, and then we 
will open the lines up for questions. Steve? 


Stephen A. Wynn, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Good morning, everybody. We're scattered, our group, this morning. I think Mark and Jack and everybody are in 
China. I'm in Tokyo looking at Mount Fuji on my way there, and the rest of the guys are in New York and Las Vegas. 
As usual with these quarterly reports, it seems like the main function that they serve is to review the Company's 
business for the past 90 days, taking note of any trends that seemed – that seem appropriate or significant as it relates to 
our shareholders and other investors that are institutional or individuals. 

I think the numbers speak for themselves. We had – all of our parameters and measurements in Las Vegas were 
satisfactory, if not delightful. I think everybody heard that somebody won a lot of money in Las Vegas during that 
quarter, but in spite of that, our whole percentage was normal, and we exceeded our performance a year ago. We were 
all very preoccupied with two major things this season. One of them was finishing the drawings on Encore and getting 
the loose ends tied up. As that building takes shape and climbs to the fourth or fifth floor, all of that minutia and details 
of the public area and the things that give it its personality have to be cleaned up and finished so that we get a final 
count on the budget and stay on schedule. 

The other thing that occupied our time during this period was of course the opening of the Macau Hotel, and that was 
an experience that we'll all remember. Very exciting, very challenging, as we stepped into a new business. And when I 
say a new business, this is the first opportunity that any of us have ever had to deal with what is commonly referred to 
as the dead-chip program in China. Our colleagues in other companies, as I look back on this, did what I think might 
have been a more prudent thing by opening their regular casino first and then the VIP casino second. We did it all at 
once with enthusiasm and learned very quickly about the enormous avalanche of transactions that are associated with 
non-redeemable chips and levels of activity that we experienced at our building which are quite astounding, really. 

I think that our per-unit performance in September exceeded everybody else's, but I certainly know that it did in 
October. These numbers are public, and it's no secret what we win per unit or per machine or per baccarat table or per 
VIP table. But we seem to be performing disproportionately to our size, and that trend is continuing. And the casino 
regulators of Macau regularly make these numbers available for those of you who are particularly curious about it. It's 
sort of like New Jersey. They give out a lot of data about what the Galaxy or the Wynn or SJM or the Sands do and you 
can get those numbers, but suffice it to say that as expected, our win per unit is enormously higher than our 
competitors. And we are still at about half-stretch. 

Phase One commenced on September 6th. We have about 212 or 13 tables and just under 400 slot machines and in less 
than 90 days. For Chinese New Year we add another 139 or so, hundreds more machines, and then as we go through 
the spring, the game total and the facility's total in terms of retail, food and beverage and other entertainment attractions 
climbed a full stretch at Wynn Macau. So that during the spring and the summer, we continually get larger and I think 
more competitive with our – the offerings we give the public as we stretch from block to block in our 16-acre location 
in the center of Macau. So we are very happy, although challenged, by the assignment that Jack – and I think Scott – 
Jack Binion is on the phone and Scott Peterson, the Chief Financial Officer of Wynn Macau, is also on the call, are you 
not Scott? And... 

Scott Peterson, Chief Financial Officer – Wynn Resorts (Macau), S.A. 

I am right here Mr. Wynn. 

Stephen A. Wynn, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Yes. And so Jack and Scott are there as well as the team from Las Vegas along with us parent company types. So our 
yields per table and our casino revenue in the third quarter exceeded our competitors substantially in Las Vegas. In 
spite of our size, we were able to out-perform in terms of casino revenue, hotels that had 50% more rooms than we did 
-- than we have and we are very, very happy with our performance. We are looking forward to the day when we are at 


full stretch in Las Vegas at 4,800 rooms. We are some months away from that, but it's on its way and I think at that 
point we will be ready for the golf course, but I think those are generally my feelings at this moment. I guess we could 
make a fuss over the numbers comparatively, but we don't want to be gloating or anything, so we will just let you ask 
questions and we will start. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Oh incidentally, our cash reserves are, I think, around 1.3 billion in unrestricted money and the 
stuff in Hong Kong is gathering interest at the rate of $125,000 a day and I will remind everybody that that parent 
company has no debt. Who is going to be the first question? 

Operator 

Sir, your first question comes from Bill Lerner with Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - William Lerner>: Thanks. Hi, Steve. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Hi. 

<Q - William Lerner>: Just a first one, you actually mentioned this kind of public secret about Vegas and this one 
player that I think hit you in September for the normally... 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: September and October and August. 

<Q - William Lerner>: And August. Okay. Okay. So as it relates to that situation or despite that you held particularly 
well. Can you just give maybe a little bit more color around that? If we had normalized that situation, how much 
stronger things would have been in Vegas? And then maybe a follow-up on that. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Well we still held 22%. We were a point high, I would say. We have an awful lot of big players 
in Las Vegas. And that is no more obvious than what happened in September, what's continued to happen in October, 
November. I mean, you know, we're the kind of a hotel that can take a $15 million hit from one player, and sort of 
shrug it off because we have so many of them. And frankly, that's as simple an answer as I can give you. At the end of 
the day, at the end of the day, regardless of volatility or fluctuations, for the past 40 years my casinos have held around 
21%. That's been a consistent number. We've had some quarters where we were down, I remember once it was 16, 
because all 4 or 5 of the Mirage properties got a hit in the month of June, but generally at the end of the year we're at 
21%, and we want our best customers to win. I mean, the only way that a casino can make more money is to have more 
bets being made, and the people that make the biggest – that make all the bets are the biggest customers, so when 
someone is going to win we want it to be our best customers so we were delighted in August and September when 
major players had a run of good luck, because you know, sometimes it goes the other way for them, and we were able 
to overcome it rather easily. 

The activity you're talking about took place in the last week of August and the first week of September, right when we 
were opening Macau, and we opened Macau incidentally, and the first 4 or 5 days we got smacked by our best 
customers, and in 23 days we didn't have a chance to normalize, we did in October of course. But in casinos that have 
the level of activity that we do, volatility is something that pretty much should be ignored. You figure that we're going 
to be around 20.5 to 21.5 and you calculate the performance of our Company and you'll be accurate almost all the time. 
And that's what's happening here, that's all. 

<Q - William Lerner>: Okay, that's helpful. And then just a follow up on Macau. You mentioned these numbers that 
are out there in the marketplace, and when you take a look at these numbers in Macau for October, they're quite 


compelling, and I think it suggests something like 12% share for you guys and you're back into... 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: 11.5. 

<Q - William Lerner>: 11.5, okay. And you're back into a number of something like 80 million or plus in revenue for 
October, so that accelerates certainly as it should after your first 25 days, but when you extrapolate it out for a year and 
when you think about the types of margins you could eventually do, the numbers get pretty big. I was hoping you could 
give a little more color around that type of development. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Well, Ron (sic) [Bill], this is not a fourth quarter report. And we – this is a very delicate time 
for us. We opened up with all the confusion, all the extra expense, all of the – and I mean confusion, the dead-chip 
program, Jack Binion looked at me and said, "The cage thing", I remember the second or third night, he said, "the cage 
thing is really, really spectacularly difficult for our people at this moment." And Jack was down there with Scott 
Peterson almost full time and if Jack had had more hair he probably would have pulled it out. And so when you look at 
our September numbers, you're looking at a ridiculously aberrated performance, even though we made a few million 
bucks, in no way is that any kind of indication of that enterprises' financial performance. October's more like it. But we 
are learning – I think Jack said we're doubling in our knowledge every day, it would be fun to have Binion make a 
comment about this, because without us starting to do the fourth quarter, I think Jack's impressions are the most 
important right now. 

<A - Scott Peterson>: I think you said it all, Steve. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Well Scott, do you think I did? I mean, I want to be forthcoming here. People like our place, 
let's just – frankly it's just that simple. If you look back on all the years we've been in business, I'm going to ask my 
friends in the investment community, has there ever been a time when one of our places didn't outperform competition, 
whether it was on Fremont Street or on The Strip. Why would Macau be any different? I mean, we are really playing 
catch-up in terms of understanding of our customers and the marketplace, The Sands and SJM, they have time on their 
side and we respect that advantage. There is nothing in the world like experience, and – but what is fortunate is that we 
are not new at the game and so our uptake on the market, our ability to adapt and change our own programs quickly and 
decisively, is pretty determined. We made changes almost immediately in the way we configured the floor. We ordered 
500 more slot machines. We did a whole bunch of things that, as we've learned where our margin was. And the Sands 
and SJM of course have the advantage over us in that regard. But I assure you that that advantage will shrink rapidly. 

<A - Ronald Kramer>: The other point I'd make is that with the opening and as part of the historical that there has 
always been a growth market for every time a Wynn property has opened in any market. And that's the same thing that 
we see happening in Macau. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Look, everybody's got numbers they can look at. I think if you look at the performance on The 
Strip, where everybody is putting their best foot forward, I think you get a pretty fair idea of what to expect in China, at 
least if you're comparing American companies. 

<Q - William Lerner>: Okay, thanks guys. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Celeste Brown with Morgan Stanley. 

<Q - Celeste Mellet Brown>: Hi, good morning or good evening, depending on where you are. Can you discuss what 
a right- sort of an adjusted EBITDA would have been for your 25 days in Macau? 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: No. I don't think it's possible to reconstruct it. 

<A - Ronald Kramer>: Well, I think it would just be normalized... 


<A - Stephen Wynn>: Are you talking about just changing the casino percentage for example? We sold 
$1,550,000,000 worth of chips in 23 days and held – kept 1.85% of them. The Sands and our competitors do 2.5 to 3, if 
they play lucky, but the math says it should be 2.5. We won $28 million in the VIP Program, it should've been 42. Take 
the junket commissions and take the a bunch of other things and you can adjust our bottom-line upward by x millions 
of dollars, but you can't change the fact that we weren't together in the regular casino for those 23 days. We didn't have 
machines right. We had a bloated expense line during that time. We had huge nonrecurring expenses during that time. I 
think that you ought to forget about September, Ma'am, and I have. And anybody that really wants to overanalyze an 
opening month, I think is wasting their time. So with your permission, I'm going to move past it. I have no interest in 
going back to September anymore. 

<Q - Celeste Mellet Brown>: Okay. I guess Bill sort of alluded to this without giving us, sort of – you know, not 
looking for what you're expecting for the fourth quarter. But just in terms of normalized margins for your property, I 
mean, The Sands does in the high 30s. Is something close to the low 30s more appropriate? 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: I don't. I don't think... 

<A - Ronald Kramer>: We're not going to get into specific items. 

<Q - Celeste Mellet Brown>: Okay. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: And incidentally... 

<Q - Celeste Mellet Brown>: So... 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Incidentally, it's too soon for us. We are not ready. And I'm giving you our own internal 
feelings. I think I'm speaking for Jack and Scott and the rest and John Strzemp when I say we're not ready to understand 
exactly what those margins are. They're certainly better than anything you've seen from us so far. But as to where 
they're going, remember, The Sands does not have a hotel nor the range of food and beverage or retail that we do. So 
we have a different kind of revenue structure than they do. And so I'm not sure whether a direct comparison with The 
Sands is a place that we would look for our own edification, and so I can't suggest that you do it either. 

<Q - Celeste Mellet Brown>: Okay. And then just one final question on Macau. Were you at all surprised by your mix 
in your first 25 days, mass versus VIP? 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: No. Wait, I take it back. Yes. Yes. The most successful casino in terms of revenue in the state 
of Nevada is Wynn Las Vegas in terms of the drop or the handle per table and the win per table. And we do over $5 
million a day in handle, 365 days a year, at the Wynn Las Vegas property. Our regular games in all cash, the non-VIP 
section, of 180 or so – Scott, right? About 180 tables? Scott? 

<A - Scott Peterson>: About 165. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: 165 non-VIP tables at Wynn did more business per table than all of Wynn Las Vegas, the 
Wynn Macau tables. That stunned us. The level of our – I guess you'd call the non-VIP, non-junket business in our 
hotel. And that's continued. We're really surprised about that, and I know that Jack is talking about all kinds of 
programs that underscore and take that to even further. 

<Q - Celeste Mellet Brown>: Okay. Just one final question. And you probably don't want to answer this one either, 
but there's been a lot of press about you looking at Atlantic City. Is it premature to talk about it on the call? 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Oh I think so. Yes ma'am, I do. We think it's an interesting market... 

<Q - Celeste Mellet Brown>: We'll hope for better luck next time. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: It's okay. I'd ask the same questions if I were you. It's an interesting market. If you recall, the 
Borgata deal was a model of what I – what we did at Mirage Resorts with Monte Carlo. And our friendship with the 
Boyds allowed us to do the same kind of a deal with Borgata, a property that we had acquired in Atlantic City. We gave 
them a piece of land and ended up with half the place. MGM is happily enjoying that now. But we predicted that any 


hotel built in the modern era without the, what I would call, the influence of the regulators in the actual design of the 
place, would result in a design that was more friendly and sensitive to the public. Borgata is such a place, and we 
predicted that any hotel built in the modern era would dramatically outperform anything that was done in the first phase 
of Atlantic City's construction, which is basically the late '70s and early '80s. 

And sure enough, the tunnel and Borgata have lived up to that expectation, and I believe that MGM and other people 
are going to go further in Atlantic City. And I think that Atlantic City is probably on the cusp of – the potential I should 
say exists for Atlantic City to become fashionable and exciting in terms that it has not been in the past. I think that 
market can be broadened. I believe that Governor Corzine, I believe the Mayor, the political leaders of the community, 
are feeling very up tempo about the place. A number of companies have made investments in Atlantic City, my friend 
Dan Lee, the folks at Morgan Stanley. I mean a lot of people are sort of kicking the tires in Atlantic City. We'll see 
whether good taste and imagination prevail. Probably Atlantic City's best days are ahead of it. 

<Q - Celeste Mellet Brown>: Okay, great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Joe Greff with Bear Stearns. 

<A - Ronald Kramer>: Hi, Joe. 

<Q - Joseph Greff>: Hi everyone, how are you? Two quick questions. I was hoping you can give us a little bit more 
color in Las Vegas. I mean do you think the – I guess maybe the third quarter results speak to the strength of the high 
end? Do you think it speaks to share shift where maybe you're gaining shares at the expense of your competitors? And 
then my second question relates to Cotai developments; I was hoping you could give us an update in terms of where 
that stands, either internally, whether you have designs at this point, or how you're thinking about Cotai in general? 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Say that again? Designs on – what was the last part? 

<Q - Joseph Greff>: On Cotai development. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Cotai. We notice that our strength in Las Vegas was on non-casino and casino revenue, so I'm 
not familiar with all of the rest of the market and how market shares shook out for them. But basically we've marked 
our progress against hotels with lots more equipment, I mean in terms of rooms and that sort of thing, and we've been 
very satisfied that the old saw, the old anecdote that it's not the dog in the fight, it's the fight in the dog – is what is 
prevailing, as it always has in Las Vegas. Size isn't always the final measure of success, but the quality of the guest. 
And those are revealed by average room rate, win per table, sales of food and beverage, retail sales per foot, all those 
usual measurements sort of tell you that – who's staying in the hotel and how long people hang out and whether they're 
having a good time or not, and in the end of the day that's what makes these places successful. 

As far as Cotai goes, we were, with the cooperation and the help of the government, able to make an adjustment in our 
real estate. We had 54 acres that was split into two pieces that were not quite the same size, but close to it I think; 30 
and 14 – 30 and 24 or 29 and 35, or something like that. Anyway, the street that divided our property was a challenge 
in terms of the way we were able to link all of our development on that property, and we asked the government to 
reconsider. And there was an opportunity by adjusting some boundaries and some parcels for that to happen with the 
help of the government of Macau. 

And I'm very, very pleased to say that they responded and gave us an opportunity to do just that. And we reduced our 
size to 52 acres, but it's one huge contiguous piece now. And that has given us the opportunity to revisit some aspects 
of our design and make it more competitive and potentially more powerful. We're in the process of doing that now, Mr. 
Greff, and that's where that stands. So – and we're going to resubmit that drawing under the new boundaries that the 
government allowed us to have and proceed it along the way. We've done this at the same time that we've been rushing 
to finish all of the details of our existing hotel. Remember, we are still in construction. We really opened up about half 
the place. So we're not near done yet, as I said earlier in the conversation. 


<Q - Joseph Greff>: Okay. Great. One final question, maybe it's for you, Ron, but anybody can respond. Given your 
very liquid balance sheet position, do you have any ideas in terms of near term uses of the cash? 

<A - Ronald Kramer>: Nothing that we're prepared to talk about, but obviously we have a tremendous amount of 
liquidity, 1.4 billion of unrestricted cash at the end of the quarter, and we continue to look at how best to maximize our 
balance sheet going forward. 

<Q - Joseph Greff>: Good enough. Thanks, guys. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Harry Curtis with JP Morgan 

<Q - Harold Curtis>: Hi, Steve. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Hi, Harry. 

<Q - Harold Curtis>: I swallowed something there, sorry. I'm wondering what in the last month and a half you've 
learned on the hotel side in Macau? What's the type of customer that's staying there? What feedback have you gotten on 
their interest in staying in Macau longer? If you could give us a bit of color on how you expect that side of the market 
to evolve? 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Jack and Marc are there. I'd like them to comment on that because I've been away for three 
weeks, and as I say, every day is a learning experience in Macau. 

<A>: Okay. In the hotel revenue, the occupancy has been approximately 98% total, but more important, and what we're 
learning, Harry, is the ... 

<Q - Harold Curtis>: Excuse me, John? 

<A>: Okay, what we're learning more important is the volume of the restaurant's ability, and the volume that the retail 
is doing is surprising us of the amount of cover and the amount of revenue. Much greater than we expected, much more 
per cover. When I said 98% in the resort, that's the resort rooms. With suites and everything, it's 75.9. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: So 76%. 

<Q - Harold Curtis>: And that's for the... 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: What we do is we keep the suites open for the high end customers. The management of the 
room inventory – Harry, here's another example of; we talked about dead chips being a new experience. The 
management of suites, now here's a market that's primarily in the past been a day trip market, so we didn't mount a big 
resort advertising campaign, we wanted to see the first 90 days we were open, what would be the demand for the suites 
from our high end customers. So we deliberately backed off from doing the kinds of things we do in Las Vegas before 
we open to underwrite occupancy. With 600 rooms we said it really does depend on who's staying in the rooms. 

Well, so we keep the suites empty, and it is fascinating to watch how the junket agents and the VIP room folks and the 
VIP room customers, how they change their mind every 5 minutes, we'll stay the night, hold the room and then they say 
no, if they're lucky they stay, if they're unlucky they leave or sometimes if they're unlucky they stay and if they're lucky 
they leave. And you know you take 150 suites, 160 suites and you always keep 40 of them or so, you know you really 
don't know where you stand everyday. And that represents that occupancy switch. 

So, you're running a casino with a hotel in it. Now I don't think that, and that's been the common description of Macau, 
as a place where you run a casino with rooms upstairs and we're learning that many of the things that we evolve to in 
Las Vegas are probably true. And to that extent I would say we usually, if we mention our competitors we want to do 
so to make ourselves look good, but I think that The Sands, The Venetian project, which is more on the current Las 
Vegas model and our place are beginning to show that it really is a market for this. You look at our occupancy of 75 or 


76% and it'll fool you, because really what we're talking about is 50 rooms that would make a big difference. 
But that's something that we're doing on purpose because we're not exactly sure of our footing. But people are 
shopping; people are eating and enjoying the same things that our Asian customers have enjoyed in Las Vegas over the 
years. So the behavior is not surprising; it's consistent. What is surprising is that the expectation was so much different 


by The Street. That maybe SJM was the final measurement of Macau, and I think that SJM and The Venetian, The 
Sands' people, ourselves; we are all learning that human behavior is not really that different culture to culture. 
<A - Ronald Kramer>: And we're also seeing significant... 
<A - Jack Binion>: Harry can you hear me? 
<Q - Harold Curtis>: Yes, go ahead. 
<A - Jack Binion>: I think what's real surprising and the best thing that we did in the month of September was the 


86,000 covers that we did in our restaurants and the most surprising factor was the 23,000 covers that we did in our fine 


dining restaurant at about $53 per cover. Now that's really, really strong for the Macau market, if you're aware of. 
<A>: And Harry let me add that as time goes on, to emphasize what Steve said, the percentage mix of gaming and 
non-gaming, although it does not closely align with Las Vegas, everyday the propensity for non-gaming is growing. 


<A - Stephen Wynn>: Just like the government wanted. You must hand it to the Chinese. They decided that they 
wanted to alter the market peacefully and quietly but dramatically. Edmund Ho's campaign to broaden the markets 
appeal and change it to a destination resort, you may not see it if you look with a microscope, but if you step back this 
is happening as sure as sunrise in that town. 


<Q - Harold Curtis>: And so as a quick follow-up when you mentioned the 98% occupancy, how many rooms does 
that encompass? 
<A - Stephen Wynn>: 440 of our 600. We've got 160 and 440 is the suite regular room breakout, Harry. 


<Q - Harold Curtis>: And so it's the 440 that you're referring to? 
<A - Stephen Wynn>: Marc was talking about the 440, and when you say that you're keeping half the suites empty, 
that changes – you're playing this game of, you want the room or don't you? They run upstairs then they run back 
downstairs, I mean, it's very interesting. 


<A - Marc Schorr>: And Harry, something that's also very important, the market – especially in the non-gaming – has 
grown significantly in October versus our first 25 days of October. Of September. 
<Q - Harold Curtis>: Okay. Excellent, thanks a lot, guys. 
<A - Stephen Wynn>: I mean, we blurted out everything else it took his place. Ron? 


<A - Ronald Kramer>: Yes? 
<A - Stephen Wynn>: We blurted out everything else, I mean, you want to do this one time, talk about October to 
mitigate what happened in September? 


<A - Ronald Kramer>: Yes, I think you should. 
<A - Stephen Wynn>: All right. Okay. I don't know, Scott? Did we make 19 or 20 million in October? 
<A - Scott Peterson>: 19.5. 
<A - Stephen Wynn>: Okay. So the young lady that was asking about October: 2.3 million in September and 19.5 


million in October, and we still didn't have our feet underneath us and we didn't hold 2.5% of the VIP, we held 2.3. So 


– and we had a 25% margin, right Scott? 25 or 26? 
<A - Scott Peterson>: Yes. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: In that range. And we really are trying to find our – I was going to use an off-color remark, I'd 
better not, in these circumstances, I'll read it in the paper. We're really finding our way in the dark here, and we've got – 
every day that goes by, Jack is changing the place. He's being very quiet on the telephone today, but he and Scott and 
Marc, we're fixing it every minute, and we're watching this and adjusting. This is a game of adjustments now. So 
maybe that clears up all this murky, you want to know happened when you saw the market share, what did it translate 
to? And the numbers we're looking at in October are that. And that's.... 

<A - Ronald Kramer>: Yes. Including the growth of the non-gaming, all across the board. We had significant 
increases in hotel occupancy, ADR, RevPAR, all of the metrices are continuing to show growth away from the gaming 
sector. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: And as I say, we're at half stretch and we don't think October is our good moment. I mean, 
we're still dissatisfied. Substantially. And, so, but there's the trend, I mean if you want it – at least now you can talk 
about some numbers beyond 23 days, you can talk about 53 days. Is that helpful? That young lady that we spoke to – I 
forgot – early in the program. Yes. Okay, so.... 

<A>: Steve, once you gave out... 

<A>: Operator, do we have any other questions? 

<A - Marc Schorr>: Yes, Ron, once you gave out the October number in the regard to Macau, I think significantly it 
was also the increase in the total room occupancy from 78% to 83. I mean, that's showing how the market is adjusting 
to the Wynn property. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: May I stress to all of our – you know, there's a lot of strangers, including our competitors on the 
telephone, it's a sport now. I want to stress something in plain language, especially if my own bit shareholders like 
Baron and Marsico and Fidelity are on the telephone, or Alliance. We are moving in Macau. We're satisfied with 
everything. I don't think we've ever been on as steep a learning curve in my 40 years. I know Jack, Jack don't you feel 
that way? 

<A - Jack Binion>: We're learning. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: We're learning, and so don't make too much of the numbers either way. Take a look at the big 
picture and let's try, if we can, to stay off short-term thinking. One of the reasons why China's so successful as a 
country, and some of the decisions they've made lately in their history is that they aren't short-term and as a Company, 
we are not short-term, and we're honored to be at Macau. We think that we're in a very healthy environment and 
privileged to be there, and I think you have to take the long view. I think that other American companies that are in 
China are doing exactly that. And I think that we're all value-added players in that community, and I think that we're 
doing what they hoped we would do, and I'm not just speaking about our Company. And I think the results are going to 
be very exciting. 

<A - Ronald Kramer>: Operator, do we have any other questions? 

Operator 

Yes, your next question comes from Jordan Laycob with Marsico. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Hi Jordan. 

<Q>: Hi, congratulations on a great quarter. I was curious if you guys could speak to the higher evaluations we've seen 
over the past couple of days in the Four Seasons transaction and if that has changed any of your thinking about the 
value of your stock or the franchise value that you're creating. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Well, I'm a big fan of Izzy Sharp. I stay at Four Seasons and I've always thought that they did a 
wonderful job and that they had carefully, slowly and meticulously created a brand and a public trust that if you really 


wanted the best you could trust Four Seasons to give it to you. That's exactly what the Wynn Company is about. Wynn 
resorts, what do we ever say to anybody in business, in our advertising or anything else? We're saying, "trust us." "We 
know who you are. We know what you want. We may not be perfect every time but you can count on us to try and give 
you what you're expecting and not disappoint you." Now that isn't as flashy as some companies, but it is 
brand-building. And I think the results of our Company in Las Vegas have been what is commonly referred to, as a 
positive response to a brand. Not necessarily acute, strategic, flashy move for the moment, but basically long-term 
brand building. 

The Four Seasons transaction is a reflection of Izzy Sharp's common sense in the way he built that company and the 
greater value that he is receiving is a recognition of the fact that such things are difficult to do. They take time, and 
consistent application of a little bit of inspiration and hard work to get there. I love the Four Seasons transaction 
because I feel a kindred spirit with the Four Seasons. It's a company I would have loved to have owned ourselves 
someday. I think that we were a perfect match. If there was a comparison to make, I'd like to think of Wynn Resorts as 
the Four Seasons of gaming. And so I'm glad that the Four Seasons values have been recognized in the form of this 
offer. I don't know whether Izzy wants to sell it or not. I presume he does, but I hope he's getting what he wants. 

<A - Ronald Kramer>: He does. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Okay. And Prince al-Walid has been a shareholder of his for quite some time, and incidentally, 
our own shareholder Ron Baron of Baron Capital, is a big shareholder of Four Seasons as well so I don't know if Tom 
Marsico is a – Jordan, are you guys Four Seasons owners? 

<Q - Ronald Kramer>: Yes we are. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Okay so there's common ownership between the two companies. 

<A - Ronald Kramer>: Obviously, the value of the brand is reflected in the price and building the brand is something 
that we're very focused on here. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Well if Jordan is on the telephone, between Mr. Okada, Jordan, and myself, we're talking about 
almost two-thirds of this company. 

<Q>: Thanks for answering the question. Just, a quick follow-up. Steve, has there been any movement at all from the 
Macau government on potentially changing or lowering the tax rate, either stratifying it with the VIP commissions and 
then also has there been any movement at all on the bad debt issue that we've talked about in the past? 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: I've been too busy to be able to give you an answer on anything like that. I know the 
government looks at all of this stuff and they are taking stock of what's going on, comments have been made by Stanley 
Ho I know in the paper, and I think the government is monitoring everything about these new hotels. We just had 
Galaxy come online with the, is it called StarWorld, Ron? 

<A - Ronald Kramer>: Yes 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: The StarWorld is the name of the place next door to us, has been open for a few weeks. I think 
the government is measuring everything, and again Jordan, I think the government's on a learning curve here. So what 
their future behavior will be is something that I'm not in a position to predict and what their thinking is at the moment is 
something I'm not up on. Maybe I'll get a chance to find out when I'm in Macau, but I just think everybody is 
bright-eyed and wide-eyed at this point learning about what new kinds of facilities mean to the public and how the 
public in South China and all the coastal provinces respond to new facilities. 

<Q>: Great. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Larry Klatzkin with Jefferies. 


<Q - Lawrence Klatzkin>: Hey guys. Steve, thank you for giving the October number that is appreciated. Can you 
talk, a couple things, can you go over the expansion? It sounds like you've moved up Phase 2 in Macau and is the 
budget the same and exactly how is that now going to open in stages? What should we be using? 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Mai gua see I just said, "No problem" in Mandarin. I'm showing off, Larry, I'm just showing 
you that I'm learning how to speak Patuá. We did move it up. The first thing Binion did when he got to Macau was put 
the builders on 24 hours so they could get more equipment quicker. And as a result of that, parts of Phase 2 that were 
scheduled for the spring are coming on for Chinese New Year in a few months. So we did move up our work in Macau, 
and we've put our foot on the floor just about as aggressively as money and human efforts could permit. We are holding 
back nothing in this last third of our development in terms of money. We're in 800 and we're going to spend 1.2 billion, 
but the last third doubles our capacity. 

<Q - Lawrence Klatzkin>: So the budget for the last part is up to 400 million now? 
<A - Stephen Wynn>: Well, it is 1.2 billion altogether. 
<A - Ronald Kramer>: The budget is the same, 1.2 billion. 
<Q - Lawrence Klatzkin>: And you're going to end up when you're finally done with 850 slots and 350 tables? 
<A - Stephen Wynn>: More, I think, more. 
<Q - Lawrence Klatzkin>: Ron, what should we be modeling for number of units? 
<A - Ronald Kramer>: Well, we haven't put out an exact number other than 119 additional tables will open in 


February. 
<A - Stephen Wynn>: Are you sure it's 119 or 39, Ron? Scott? 
<A - Scott Peterson>: It's 119 here, Steve. They made some adjustments because of the construction wall and the 


future construction. 
<A - Ronald Kramer>: Okay, so it's 119 in ten weeks or something. 
<Q - Lawrence Klatzkin>: And Ron, I don't know if you're willing to do this, just for analysts to do their work, any 


way to give what capitalized interest might be next quarter; depreciation, corporate, just some basic stuff that's not 
really giving away your operations? 
<A - Ronald Kramer>: Yes, I think you should continue to use the numbers that are consistent with where we are. 
<Q - Lawrence Klatzkin>: Okay, and then could you give the slot win percentage for Macau and Vegas? 
<A - Stephen Wynn>: Have we been doing that? 
<A>: No, we haven't. 
<A - Ronald Kramer>: We have not. 
<A>: No, we don't want to give our slot percentage away. 


<A - Ronald Kramer>: Next question, Larry. 
<Q - Lawrence Klatzkin>: Okay, that's fine, and then I guess the last thing is when do you guys expect to get firm 
with the government on Cotai so you can go out and announce something? Any feeling for what the timing would be? 


<A - Stephen Wynn>: The way it works here is that you have to submit a blueprint – a layout of your facility, and as I 
told you, when I was there last, the government allowed us to make a change that was very significant in our favor, and 
I have been rushing to try and figure out how to take advantage of that. And it's a high class problem to have because as 
you learn what's going on in your facility for the first time, you'd like to have that wisdom, if I can use that term, be 
reflected in their next drawing. So I've been pondering the information that we've been receiving and trying to have it 


reflect in the work that we're doing architecturally. 

We've always been a little slower than the other guys, I don't want to use the word ponderous, but I'd like to think that 
we're more comptemplative when it comes to design, and a little bit more studied in how we lay out and how we dish 
up our attractions to people, believing that this process produces the best possible product at the end of the day. 
Unfortunately it does not lend itself to – really, the creative process doesn't accelerate the way construction does. So I'm 
a little slow, I got a lot of help from the government in giving us a tremendous option that I wanted to have there, and 
I'm now just trying to figure out how to get it down on paper to make sure that we've lived up to our potential there. 

<Q - Lawrence Klatzkin>: Okay, well that makes sense, Steve. I guess the last thing is just October of Vegas, any 
way to hear from you on that or is that no way? 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Now you guys are really peaked. You think you've got us on the run, you might as well keep it 
up. I think maybe we've maybe gone – we had a reason for tipping October because of the shortness of our reporting 
period in Macau. I think if we start doing the first month of every quarter, we could get you in trouble. What I mean by 
that is, to tell someone what a third of a quarter is, without the other two thirds, is to create a misleading expectation, 
and I think as much as fun as it would be to talk about it, I don't think that we would be doing a good job if we did. 

<Q - Lawrence Klatzkin>: Okay, well that's a good point Steve. Well thank you very much. 

<A - Ronald Kramer>: Thanks, Larry. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Joe Fath with T. Rowe Price. 
<Q - Joseph Fath>: Hey guys. 
<A - Stephen Wynn>: There's a shareholder. 
<Q - Joseph Fath>: Hey Steve, yes, no, I appreciate you not mentioning... 
<A - Stephen Wynn>: Now we're talking, we call the owners on the phone... 
<Q - Joseph Fath>: We try to keep a low profile, so I'm glad you didn't mention me in those comments. 
<A - Stephen Wynn>: Your cover's blown. Now we've got about 90% of the company on the telephone. 
<Q - Joseph Fath>: A quick question on Encore. Noticing the press release, you guys mention that you're considering 


some certain enhancements. Can you talk a little bit about what that might be? And then also, it sounds like you're 


going to push it out to early '09 on the opening. 
<A - Stephen Wynn>: The enhancements that you're thinking about, we're always saying, "What is it that when you 
walk in the building will make you go, 'Oh my goodness. Here's another new thing.'" And I think we've found some of 
that. It took a long time to do it. It caused us to alter some things in the public area, and I'm not sure if the budget 
impact is significant. But let me put it this way: on a – what's the budget, Ronnie? 1.7 billion? 

<A - Ronald Kramer>: 1.7 billion. 
<A - Stephen Wynn>: 1.8 billion...what? 
<A - Ronald Kramer>: 1.740 billion. 
<A - Stephen Wynn>: Yes, I don't think that what we're talking about either way is plus or minus more than a 100 


million. I think it's less than that. 
<A - Ronald Kramer>: Yes. 



<A - Stephen Wynn>: So the enhancements are not profound or really exciting financially more than they are in terms 
of what they were. What they did do is cause us to hold some of the drawings until we got these problems – until we 
got these ideas really sort of nailed down. And I'm happy to say that I think we did do that a couple of weeks ago. 

<Q - Joseph Fath>: Great. Thanks, Steve. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: You know, it's a – Encore is on the fifth floor or something, they're cookin' with the high rise. 
That's all done; all the big stuff is done. And those drawings are – they've been out for quite some time. That building is 
going very fast now, and I believe they're going to start the garage and those things. The things we talked about, 
enhancements were things that were in the podium level, the low rise portion of the building, and were not really 
significant architecturally so much as they were interior design and that sort of thing. Next? 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Jay Cogan with Banc of America Securities. 

<Q - Jeremy Cogan>: Hi, afternoon, good morning. A couple quickies here for you. As it relates to the mass market in 
Macau, Steve or Jack or anyone, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about, when we look at the October 
numbers, have things changed measurably at the mass tables from September to October, from a volume standpoint? 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Scott? Jack? 

<A>: Our drop is up 10%, so our, you know – and since The Galaxy opened, we've actually had a greater level of foot 
traffic through our patino than prior. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: And that end of the – that's the Phase II end. We don't really get the benefit of our neighbor 
until this spring, when we open that corner. 

<Q - Jeremy Cogan>: Got it. And just as a technicality, I know you said you don't want to go back to September, but 
just so that we all understand how the VIP Rolling Chip Program works, as was explained on a recent conference call, 
companies sometimes think that they'll get to the same revenue number in VIP, it's just a function of how much drop 
you end up having at the day, whether it looks like you're playing lucky or it looks like you're playing unlucky. It seems 
like the commission numbers kind of move around. So, the way I look at your numbers, it almost looks like you might 
have ended up paying 7 or $8 million additional in commissions than you would of if your hold had been normal, kind 
of a normal environment. So just want to make sure that we're all kind of looking at this in the same way. I guess 
sometimes it helps and sometimes it doesn't, it can be a pretty big.... 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Well, yes, this is a relevant point you brought up. There is a significant difference when you 
look at us compared, for example to The Sands. We follow a different model in our relationships with the VIP end. A 
different model than we had when we opened in September. And the Sands follows a model that we used when we 
opened, which was to pay approximately 1% of the turnover up or down, just trip sales to the agents. And then there's 
some money that goes for comps, but more or less, 1% of what is commonly referred to as a 2.5% game or 40% of the 
win. And that was whether the customers won or lost. We don't do that anymore. We are on system that is more closely 
related to SJM where we pay 40% of the win, we don't pay on turnover. 

<Q - Jeremy Cogan>: So that was a switch as the beginning of October then? 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: No, it was the beginning of November. We changed some of it in October and we changed the 
balance of it on the 1st of November. 

<Q - Jeremy Cogan>: Okay, that's helpful. And then as it relates to Cotai, I think the last call Steve, you said that you 
thought possible still to have the Cotai development open by the end of '09. Should we still be considering that 
time-frame based on what you had earlier said about the design process, the land, etcetera? 


<A - Stephen Wynn>: I'm not clear on a date for Cotai and what I'd really love to do is not answer the question until I 
can be intelligent about it. I – it's too murky. If I get my ducks lined up and everything breaks right, then I'd find out 
from my builder what a schedule is like, and it might be 9 and it might not be. I just don't know. I'm sorry. 

<Q - Jeremy Cogan>: Okay. No, it's okay. Thanks a lot, very helpful. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from David Anders with Merrill Lynch. 

<Q - David Anders>: Okay, thank you. Hey Jack, maybe you can answer this, or Steve. Are you starting to see any 
kind of cross-play, or when you look at your high rollers in Macau, are they recognized guests in many instances, or are 
they new guests? That's number one, and number two, did Golden Week really juice-up October, or how do we think 
about what that impact was on those 30 days? 

<A - Jack Binion>: Steve, why don't you answer that...? 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Well I – I don't... 

<A - Jack Binion>: I've noticed quite a few customers that play in Vegas to come here. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: We – one part that I do feel qualified to answer, but the rest I'd rather have the Macau guys talk 
about, about Golden Week, but I will tell you this. We have very, very strong agent play in every hotel that I've – that 
we've ever operated since the day Mirage opened, and that continued at Bellagio and continues at Wynn. Many of our 
customers were from Hong Kong and Taiwan and Shenzhen from Mainland China, and from Malaysia, Kuala Lumpur, 
Singapore and all over in Japan. They are playing in Macau as well, and so yeah, we've got cross-over play, but mainly 
the cross-over players that are American customers that were Asian are also playing at our place in Macau. 

<A - Marc Schorr>: In regards to Golden Week – this is Marc, in regards to Golden Week, yes, Golden Week was 
strong but most of our business and the strongest part of our business was in the latter part of the month. No question 
about it. It was good. 

<Q - David Anders>: That's great. Thank you. 

Operator 

This all the time we have today. Are there any closing remarks? 

<< 

Ronald J. Kramer, President>> 

No, thank you all for joining us, and we'll look forward to speaking to you again after the end of the year. 

Operator 

Thank you for participating in today's teleconference. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 


information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2016, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


