Q3 2007 Earnings Call 


Participants 

• Ronald J. Kramer, President 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good afternoon, and welcome to the Wynn Resorts Ltd. Third Quarter Conference Call. Joining the call on behalf of 
the company today are Steve Wynn, Ron Kramer, Mark Schorr, John Strzemp, Andrew Pascal, President of Wynn Las 
Vegas. And on the phone, Ian Coughlan, President of Wynn Macau; David Sisk, CFO of Wynn Las Vegas and Scott 
Peterson, CFO of Wynn Macau. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the 
speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. 

Now I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Kramer, President of Wynn Resorts. Please go ahead, sir. 

Ronald J. Kramer, President 

Thank you, Melissa, and good afternoon, everyone. Before we begin I need to remind you that today's conference call 
contains forward-looking statements that we are making under the Safe Harbor provision of Federal Securities laws. I 
would also like to caution you that the company's actual results could differ materially from the anticipated results in 
these forward-looking statements. Please see today's press release under the caption, 'forward-looking statements' for 
the discussion of risks that may affect our results. 

In addition, we will discuss adjusted property EBITDA, which is a non-GAAP measure. A reconciliation of those 
measures for the most comparable GAAP measure is included in the press release. We're broadcasting this conference 
call live on www.wynnresorts.com where you can also find the earnings release, which we circulated earlier today. 

Let me start with a brief overview of the highlights of the third quarter and then we'll open it up for questions. We are 
very proud of our achievements in the third quarter of 2007. Once again, we generated over $1 million in EBITDA per 
day in each of our properties. In Macau, we had EBITDA of 92.8 million, a record for the property, despite unfavorable 
seasonality and a significant increase in supply in August. 

As we previously stated we believe Macau is one of the most exciting gaming markets in the world. When compared to 
the United States, Asian countries have six times the population yet currently generate approximately one-third as 
much gaming revenue, which supports our conclusion the potential of this market is tremendous. 

We've always believed that quality supply increases visitation and gaming revenues. The Wynn brand in Macau is 
well-established and our loyal customers enjoy the intimacy of our design and appreciate the level of service we 
provide. Wynn Macau has not suffered from the addition of new supply and the opening of StarWorld, Grand Lisboa, 
Crown and the Venetian have all helped grow the market and benefited our property. 

In Las Vegas our EBITDA was 93.2 million in the quarter, a 21% increase versus the third quarter of 2006, with every 
segment, including Gaming, Hotel, Food and Beverage, and Retail outperforming last year's results. We achieved 
year-over-year growth despite lower traffic resulting from the closures of the Stardust and Frontier. We look forward to 
the opening of Palazzo and Trump in seven weeks, which in our experience will drive additional walk-in traffic to 
Wynn Las Vegas. 


Lastly we are very proud of the strength of our balance sheet. Pro forma for our recent equity offering we now have 
cash in excess of 1.5 billion and our total debt outstanding is approximately 2.4 billion, providing us with excellent 
financial flexibility for future developments and shareholder value-enhancing opportunities. With that we're going to 
open it up for your questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Harry Curtis with J.P. Morgan. 

<Q - Harry Curtis>: Hi guys. Steve, if you could give us your thoughts on this A-Max plan to roll up some of the 
junket operators, what are the obstacles to their success do you think? 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Gee, I don't know, Harry. The Chinese folks are superbly entrepreneurial, clever and 
resourceful, and we benefit from our association with many of them in that regard. And now they're trying to figure out 
a way to take advantage of their energies in a more -- in the most legitimate way of all by being public companies and 
sharing the wealth with shareholders. I don't --I'm not qualified to comment on how this is going to work, but it seems 
to me to be a healthy move in terms of reflection of their attitudes, don't you think? 

<Q - Harry Curtis>: I think it's got a shot. Now they've – well, according to them they've approached both you and 
Sands and we've heard that you didn't feel that it was necessary to take your commissions up. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Oh, Harry, was that what you meant, I'm sorry. Look, one of the nice things about our brand, 
we're the little company that has the niche. We don't discuss price. People come to us because it's better and that's a 
very wonderful, comfortable place. We get the highest win per machine, the highest win per table, the highest average 
room rate. I think we're the most profitable hotel in Las Vegas regardless of size. I'm not positive but I think it's 
probably true. I think we're well on our way to becoming the most profitable hotel in Macau, believe it or not. 

So we have very healthy relationships with our junket operators and there's been no pressure exerted on us, nor would it 
benefit to change our relationships with them. We have not felt that. Whoever told you that they came to us, I don't 
know about the Sands of course, but that's not something that's been a problem for us. 

<Q - Harry Curtis>: My second question was related to Kotai. Can you give us a sense of where you are in your 
design/development plans there? 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Finally, yes. I'll tell you what we're going to do in Kotai. We're going to build between 1,500 
and 2,000 all-suite villa hotel. And I say this simply, it is by its own nature hyperbolic, but I don't mean it to be 
exaggerated. We intend to build the most beautiful hotel on earth on our property in Kotai. End of statement. 

<Q - Harry Curtis>: Any financial parameters that you want to throw out there? 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: It will cost me a lot. Our stuff always does. 

<A - Ronald Kramer>: We'll provide details when we're finished with the budget. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: It will occupy the whole property. 

<A - Ronald Kramer>: And we are actively involved in the design. 

<Q - Harry Curtis>: All right, I don't want to hog this, but thanks. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Celeste Brown with Morgan Stanley. 


<Q - Celeste Brown>: Hi guys, good afternoon. Two questions, Ron or Steve, can you talk a little bit about how 
you've seen the market evolve or what you see as the opportunity in the market since the Venetian opened or is it too 
early to make a judgment there? 

And the secondarily, coming out of the Chinese delegation, gathering there's been some concern about foreign 
influence in Macau. Do you see that impacting your ability to get things done at the speed you'd like? 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: The answer is to the second question: no, I don't. I think that the foreign investment in Macau 
has been beneficial to the city and I think that everybody there is trying to be a good citizen, be a constructive neighbor 
and make a positive contribution to the economy and to the citizens there by giving them job opportunities by paying of 
course a lot of taxes and broadening the appeal of Macau, a policy which although executed by several investors from 
abroad was designed and put forth by the government itself. They are the author of this movement and they have their 
fingerprints on it, and I think that pretty much everything is going the way they want. And that's the feedback that I get. 

Naturally, they're protective about the lower income citizens and that's probably been reflected in that visa move that 
we discussed on our last conference call. But as far as making a destination resort of Macau, the Chinese government, 
PRC [People's Republic of China], was fully behind Chief Executive Ho's decision to do that with the special 
administrative region. There's been not one shred of evidence to indicate there's been any change in that. And we're 
there, of course, I am every month along with various people from China, from Macau. I know that Terry [Lanni – 
CEO, MGM Mirage] is going to go there this week and none of us have ever heard anything different. 

The first part of your question had to do with Venetian and what conclusions we draw from it. I think it will be 
fascinating to see what the inside of the Venetian's financial performance has been. We naturally are hungry for any 
additional data to tell us about how things are going in Kotai, in actual fact. And I'm sure that this curiosity and this 
appetite that we have will continue as the Venetian matures in that neighborhood. 

Prior to the Venetian's arrival, Kotai, with its one hotel, the Grand Waldo I think it's called, has been sort of a 
non-event. Now of course a 10 million foot hotel has been opened since the last days of August and that's an altogether 
different story. How it performs and its effect on everybody is going to be fascinating. But I think it's a little early. 
Maybe we'll get some information when the Venetian folks tell us more. But I don't have anything to say right now. It 
hasn't affected us. We are doing better than we ever have and so I'm happy to say that. But it's early in the game in 
China. 

<Q - Celeste Brown>: And, Ron, can you give us the impact of High Hold'em, I guess mostly in Vegas, but a touch in 
Macau? 

<A - Ronald Kramer>: Well it's funny we always get into these conversations about normalized hold, and we put out 
a range, and you can do the work yourself in terms of -- we're totally transparent in terms of giving all the underlying 
data. And you can go and you can look at what normalized hold would be within the range. This would be the third 
quarter where we've been above our theoretical range so I think on a yearly basis we're going to start taking a look at 
what our ranges should be and we'll do that when we report our year. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: And I think that -- this is Steve again -- I think what we're going to do, I think we're going to 
stop talking about it. We'll just show the number. You can draw your own conclusions. We don't think we have 
anything really intelligent to add to whatever the Wynn percentage figure is. If we do, we'll share it with you, but we're 
going to stop trying to normalize anything. 

<A - Ronald Kramer>: The numbers speak for themselves. 

<Q - Celeste Brown>: Okay that's fair; thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Joseph Greff with Bear Stearns. 


<Q - Joseph Greff>: My questions has been asked and answered. Thanks, guys. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Thanks, Joe. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Bill Lerner with Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - William Lerner>: Thanks, hey guys. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Hi Bill. 

<Q - William Lerner>: Hey what do you figure is going on in Vegas? If you take a look at year-to-date the dynamic is 
interesting. You've got visitation growth that's quite low and you've got relatively moderate gaming revenue growth, 
but you guys are experiencing 13, 14% Gaming growth especially in particular this quarter. Of course, 8 or so plus 
percent Non-Gaming growth. So what do you think is going on? I mean, certainly it's a function of who is your 
customer is in general, but there's got to be some mix dynamic going on? 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: It's interesting. We were looking at the numbers. We had one number that was down. It was our 
low-end slot number, the quarters, the 25-cent machines, that's because the Frontier and the Stardust are closed. The 
high-end is up. We tend to be deliciously insulated from some of these macro-market trends, because we have a 
clientele that is financially in better shape than the average tourist. 

So we are sort of in a privileged position in that regard. We don't run commodity rooms. We've got the highest room 
rate in town and we had better occupancy than most of our friends with a higher room rate. And so we don't -- and 
because we don't feel those macro trends, the way for example a giant company like MGM or Harrah's would, then we 
don't pay attention to them. 

We're very busy concentrating on the quantity of the experience of each of our guests every minute they are in the 
building. Because the only thing we care about is word of mouth. That's all. And I must tell you, we're very, very 
myopic about that. So that we have our nose right down on the carpet here and so we tend to be a little bit slow on 
market trends. If you don't feel them -- who cares? 

<Q - William Lerner>: All right thanks guys. Thanks Steve. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Steve Kent with Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - Steven Kent>: Hi, Steve, maybe just following up on Celeste's question maybe you could just talk a little bit 
more about what you're seeing since the Venetian opened on the mass floor, on a promotional perspective, or VIP 
players moving around now that there are more options in the market. Maybe you can just give us a little bit more color 
as to what you're seeing since this all occurred. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: I think the mass floor, right when Venetian opened, was down a few points. Our VIP business 
jumped; and it's jumping at the moment. We are building more VIP rooms as fast as we can and we're looking forward 
to MGM's opening; that will be good for us. And we don't think Venetian's our competition, because of location, and 
because of the size of the place. We think that our competition is probably more likely the MGM joint venture that they 
own half of with Pansy Ho, which is right outside our door. 

I heard this morning on their conference call that the Chief Financial Officer said that they've got more games than us; 
they're bigger than we are. Well, they're going to up on December 20th; is that the date? Something like that. We go 
bigger between December 15th and January 15th. I don't know that the MGM people knew that, but we open up all that 
stuff that everybody said we postponed. We open up all our new retail and our new casino, which is stunning, between 


December 15th, between Christmas and January. 

We thought January 15th; it looks like we're going to be a little early. And with it, more of what has become our type of 
thing. There's Gucci, Ferrari and Prada, and Van Cleef and Hermes; more food, more fancy food, more VIP rooms. A 
special feature that we're particularly proud of that I think is going to be one of the most exciting things in Southeast 
Asia for people to experience right in the building. A whole bunch of things happen, just in a few weeks in our 
building, that sizes us up, especially in the mass market as well as the VIP. We'll be at 380 games and 1,200 slot 
machines. 

Now it's interesting to note that we went from three or four hundred slot machines to seven or eight hundred. And our 
win per machine is bigger, is larger, than it was when we had less machines, I'm happy to say. Very much like what 
Terry reported about their place in Detroit. It seems like quality, wherever it is, is its own reward. That is to say, I think 
you heard me say before, bigger ain't better; better is better. That's what we're learning in China. That's what we are 
learning in Macau, just like Las Vegas, just like Detroit. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Lawrence Klatzkin with Jefferies. 

<A - Ronald Kramer>: Hi, Larry. 

Operator 

Sir, your line is open. 

<Q - Lawrence Klatzkin>: Yes; I'm here, okay. Sorry guys. Hey, Ron. The timing for Diamond Suites, what are we 
talking about that? 

<A - Ronald Kramer>: First half of '10. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: The tower itself had a long lead time, because you know we're on a landfill there, all of us in 
downtown. And the foundation had to go down 180 feet into the landfill. That involved a process that is slow and took 
an extra 12 months. So it's on schedule, on budget, it's going just fine, but it's slow on a landfill to build a 40, 45-story 
tower. 

But the Diamond Suites, the Diamond Suites in Macau are the thing we're most proud of and they represent when 
everybody gets to see them, the new Wynn model. They are the smallest room we're ever going to build again and I 
think they are unique. And I think they're going to establish a new standard. But our typical room is 1,000 feet; our 
suite is 1,000 square feet, and up from there. And we are very excited about the Diamond product and are looking 
forward to showing it to everybody as soon as we can. Maybe we'll pick up some time on our schedule, but right now 
we're slogging through the foundation, which also has parking downstairs. 

<Q - Lawrence Klatzkin>: Now, Steve, do you see that possibility of a win per table there? Are you guys looking for 
something, what, in the 15,000 plus range? 

<A - Ronald Kramer>: Well, Larry, you know we never give guidance. 

<Q - Lawrence Klatzkin>: Always that one – sorry, Ron. Always... 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Larry, in the Wynn tower, besides villas and suites and all the rest, there are also two gorgeous 
VIP casinos that are rather large, which will add additional capacity when that tower opens beyond the 380, and we'll 
go over 400, substantially over 400 then in the Peninsula product. 

<A - Ronald Kramer>: Just also want to point out as part of the Diamond Tower and the recirculation and enhancing 
the guest experience, that there's a $20-odd million property charge that we took this quarter as we've been 


repositioning how that expansion space would look and the addition of additional retail that would be going in there, 
that's already part of the property budget. But when you look at the quarter on an EPS basis, the biggest impact is 
taking that property charge. 

<Q - Lawrence Klatzkin>: But Ron, was that put into the earnings of the Wynn Macau? 

<A - Ronald Kramer>: That is, you can see it as a, it's not at the EBITDA level, Larry. It's a below-the-line property 
charge. 

<Q - Lawrence Klatzkin>: Okay. And as far as Vegas sentiment goes, and we all saw August, which was not a great 
number; September is better. How is October, how did October feel for you guys in the market? 

<A - Ronald Kramer>: We are still in October so we're not going to get into talking about numbers that are still in 
process with books that aren't closed. We said consistently what our properties have been doing. And on our prior calls 
the million dollars... 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Look, the group that Wynn Las Vegas is in, hasn't -- it doesn't change month to month, really. 
Oh, customers get lucky, customers get unlucky, this happens or that happens, they close the Frontier, they open 
Palazzo. But pretty much you can expect consistency out of this hotel. 

That's one of the good things about this kind of a product. It tends to be enduring. We build houses of bricks. 
Remember that annual report we did at Bellagio a few years ago when we opened up? We put the three little pigs on 
the cover and we said we build houses of brick. Well whether you're talking about Bellagio or Wynn, that mentality is 
still very much in play and our properties tend to be consistent performers. There is really nothing exciting, new, about 
October, up or down. It's just cooking along. We're building friends, improving our customer base constantly because 
of: satisfactory experience, repeat visitation and word-of-mouth. Tomorrow is always better for a company like this 
than yesterday and the day after tomorrow is always better than tomorrow. We don't buy things; we build them. We 
grow organically; we don't take shortcuts. 

<Q - Lawrence Klatzkin>: Okay. And as far as – you use this whole piece, 54 acres, for one project. Are you guys 
looking for another piece of land in Macau then? 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Not at the moment, but I'd be damn well not to turn down any real estate in Macau. 

<Q - Lawrence Klatzkin>: All right. Now... 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: We've got our hands full; we are in construction, doubling the one we've got. We're getting 
ready to build another one that's going to be a story for a long time when people understand it. The hotel that we're 
going to build on Kotai is not another hotel. It's a piece of business. It's going to be the thing that everybody wants to 
copy. There are things about the hotel in Kotai that have never been seen before in any respect and I think there's going 
to be a lot of fun about that product. It's not just another structure. It's something that represents 40-odd years of 
maturity in this business. And we are going to bring to bear every week, every year, month, day of experience that 
we've had and all that we've learned to give people a richer, deeper experience when they come to that hotel in Kotai. 

<Q - Lawrence Klatzkin>: All right. Well thank you very much, Steve. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Okay. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from Robin Farley with UBS. 

<Q - Robin Farley>: Thanks. On the A-Max deal, aside from whether you wanted to change your relationship with 
them, if they do go to a competitor and concentrate their business there at higher commission levels, how would you 
expect that to impact the rest of the market? 


<A - Ronald Kramer>: Robin, we've been clear that premium property is not something that we feel we have to worry 
about getting into increased commissions to be able to relate to our customers. So our customers choose us because of 
the quality of the experience and we don't see any pressure in terms of what A-Max or anyone else is doing in terms of 
increasing commissions. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: We don't care, Robin. 

<Q - Robin Farley>: I'm sorry? 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: We don't care. 

<Q - Robin Farley>: Okay. And then the other question is: can you talk about -- there are others with land in Macau, 
land but no gaming concession, who may be looking to partner. Can you talk about what your interest level in that may 
or may not be? And as, for example, it sounds as if Dubai World is there with land? 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Never say never, but our first concern would be to protect the integrity of our brand, not to 
confuse the public. We have more than enough opportunity with land that we own and concessions and properties that 
we own in Nevada and Las Vegas to be in construction for the next 10 years. I know that it's a lot of fun to talk about 
doing 18 joint ventures and leveraging our concession agreement, but the fact of the matter is we probably won't. 

Let -- there are less experienced companies than ourselves that think they can bite off almost anything and do an 
unlimited amount of hotels. And I want to make it clear that we don't think that we can do an unlimited amount of 
hotels. We have our hands full doing the ones were doing. When products are special they don't just roll off a sheet of 
paper. 

So, I wouldn't -- just for the sake of money, I wouldn't do a joint venture with somebody and let people know that we 
are running it with someone else's name on it and have some kind of off-brand. I wouldn't do that; that's not the kind of 
company we are. And if it means we won't be as big as the other guys I don't care about that either, to tell you the truth. 
It's just the way we are and that's the good news and the bad news, I guess. 

<Q - Robin Farley>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Liz Benston with Las Vegas Sun. 

<Q - Liz Benston>: Hi guys; can you hear me? 

<A - Ronald Kramer>: Yes. 

<Q - Liz Benston>: Hi. I wondered if you could elaborate on your discussion about The Strip. What's going on at 
Wynn on the Gaming side seems so very different from what's going on at MGM, where the numbers, the gaming 
numbers, were down. And whereas the numbers in Las Vegas have been impressive since Wynn Macau opened. And 
I'm wondering if you think Wynn Las Vegas has actually taken some market share from MGM and is that being driven 
by Macau? 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Okay, I know that Terry is looking forward -- we're very good friends with the MGM [Mirage] 
people, as you can imagine, from Kirk [Kerkorian], to Terry, to Bobby [Baldwin], to everybody. Those are our friends 
for 30, 40 years, and former colleagues. 

The notion is that having a hotel in Macau benefits you in Las Vegas. There is no question that one of the greatest 
things that's happened to the state of Nevada in modern history has been that many of its major players are allowed to 
participate in the Chinese market. That's a very good thing for the city and it opened the door to a bunch of new 
business. 


However, I must hasten to add that it is important -- since we're talking to professionals on this phone call for the most 
part, as well as our competitors undoubtedly -- that we have data here, and unfortunately the data speaks for itself. 
Venetian had a hotel in Macau two years before we did. And when Wynn opened, we had the best baccarat game on 
The Strip without having a hotel in Macau. 

Now the reason I mention this is not because the Venetian folks are anything less than exciting people; they're very 
exciting people. What I want to point out is that the Chinese market is not clearly understood very often; so I'm going 
to try and be helpful. The people that go to Macau, that go to places like Wynn, are the most sophisticated folks that 
you can imagine. 

Think, for example, for those of you who are in New York, of the women and the men walking up and down Madison 
Avenue between 63rd and 79th Street. That's more like who these people are than somebody who is on Broadway. This 
is a very sophisticated group of human beings. Successful, entrepreneurial men and women, who know everything 
about what's going on everywhere. 

So what they do in China, in Macau, is they go to the best hotel, no matter who the hell owns it. And incidentally when 
they go to Las Vegas, they go to the best hotel no matter who owns it. Now if the best hotel in Macau is owned by a 
company that has an equally fetching property in Nevada, then there is dual visitation. But if the hotel in Macau has a 
place in Las Vegas that's second best, they will go to the first best place in Las Vegas. 

Now when Terry Lanni talks about his hotel in Macau, and his Bellagio, I think he's quite right. They will benefit from 
it because Bellagio is up to snuff. And I believe that the property that's being built next door to us in Macau is up to 
snuff. But there is no automatic falloff. The Chinese customers go to the best places. And when they travel -- and that's 
true of Las Vegas, Los Angeles or London. They know about the Peninsula Hotel in Beverly Hills. They know about 
Claridge's and the Dorchester or something in London. They know about Wynn and Bellagio in Las Vegas. 

And they pick and choose eclectically where they get what they want. Best shopping, best service, best rooms; branded, 
classy places. They are very brand conscious. So when you take a look at Las Vegas and you see what's going on, if 
you're talking about the international component of the business, that's pretty much the controlling, the dominant factor, 
on how those folks migrate. Is that helpful? I don't know if I'm speaking to the point. 

<Q - Liz Benston>: Yes, I think you're maybe being a gentleman by not criticizing the competition... 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Well I don't want you to...Not only am I... 

<Q - Liz Benston>: but I think the numbers -- like you said the numbers speak for themselves. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Maybe we took market share away from Bellagio. I don't know. What I'm trying to say is that to 
the extent that we benefited from China, it's because we had the best hotel in Las Vegas in terms of what the Chinese 
customers thought. Not because we were in Macau. They were here before we were open in Macau. We had the best 
baccarat game when we opened up in '05 before Macau. We had a better baccarat game than the other hotels on The 
Strip, the Chinese players. 

So I think what the point I'm trying to make is that quality is the controlling factor in Asian baccarat and top-end 
gambling business both for Asians and for Americans. To the extent that a hotel has quality or loses quality or is 
perceived to be losing quality, then, of course, the top-end customers migrate to the next best place. It's like fashion. 

And it puts a lot of pressure on us to maintain. When we got the Mobil Five-Star, I made a big fuss about it. People in 
the past in Las Vegas had said it's not worth the trouble to get a Mobil or a AAA Five-Diamond or a Five-Star, you've 
got to spend a lot of money with turndown service and a bunch of other fussy things. The Mobil Five-Star and the AAA 
Five-Diamond are the two most respected third-party qualifications that the hospitality industry has. 

And for us, from the day that I drew the first line on a piece of paper, I wanted to be a Mobil Five-Star hotel. I wanted 
to be the first one in Las Vegas. I thought that it was very important. I think it is very important. We were thrilled to get 
the Five-Diamond award again both in our food and our hotel this year for the second time in a row and I'm looking 
forward to getting a Mobil Five-Star in our restaurant and our hotel again; and those announcements come out soon. I 


know that we're the headquarters for the Five-Star convention for Mobil this spring in Las Vegas, which gives me some 
sense of optimism, but we are working on it every month. 

Another thing. Of all the pieces of information in marketing; of all the talk from CEOs and owners and executives, the 
one thing that stands out above all the rest in commercial speech that really clears the baloney from the truth -- is price. 
You think of your own experience; all of you. You'll discount all the fancy commercials, all the trendy marketing 
statements, all the other 'cutesy-tutesy' stuff that companies say about their products and their services. But the one 
thing that none of us ever ignore is price. 

We say, "If Mercedes charges more, it's because they must have a better car. If Wynn we can get a higher price, it must 
be because they're better". So the pricing of our products tell you more about what's really happening between us and 
the public than anything else. It's the one thing that speaks for itself. And that's the goal that we have as we manage our 
business. And we get the highest price – period. Here, and in China. And our market share will continue and our 
profitability will continue to reflect that. 

<Q - Liz Benston>: Thanks. I appreciate it. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Bill Lerner with Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - William Lerner>: Thanks, I just wanted to come back for one more. Steve, just a question really on Encore. Of 
course you've got latent demand for your room supply at Wynn, but how do you not cannibalize yourself at Wynn, 
from Encore going forward? Maybe the question really has to do with what the experience at Encore will be like 
relative to Wynn? 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Encore is an upgrade, in plain language, Bill. It's an all-suite hotel. It has more intimacy; it has 
bigger rooms; it has some new things as far as gaming goes. It has beautiful sky villas at 50 stories and private gaming 
associated with them. It adds a whole bunch of new wonderful things. 

And finally it has I think for the first time in our history -- things change in this town. Since 2000, a new industry has 
grown up here -- the nightclub industry. It didn't exist before the millennium. I remember before we sold the company 
to Kirk [Kerkorian] -- who cared about clubs? Guys were going to those topless joints, but we didn't pay much attention 
to them. 

But now, in the last six or seven years a new industry has popped up in Las Vegas that must be pushing 6 or 700 
million in revenue, to put pressure on the second shows, and all the showrooms. The nightclubs. From all the ones that 
you hear on the conference calls of the Venetian or MGM to our own Tryst, which is probably the single most 
successful establishment of its kind in the world. 9,900 square feet; it's going to do 36 or $37 million and make 70% 
profit margin, something ridiculous like that. And we've got Blush here. 

So learning from all of this with our friend Victor Drey, and our other guys, and Scott , and Sean. Learning from all of 
this, we approached the design of Encore with this new information in mind. We'd all had experience in Europe and we 
knew about places in Saint Tropez, like Sacosanc , the Beach 55 with its restaurant. Where the party starts in the 
afternoon and continues into the evening. 

We toyed with this notion with the European pool, with the sunset pool, at Wynn. We have gaming, and swimming, 
and a discotheque in the afternoon for adults only, at one end of our place. And it is enormously profitable. And it 
hasn't escaped our competitors. They pay close attention to it, as they should. 

But in Encore, we have done some things that have not been seen on The Strip before. Encore will not look like Las 
Vegas. The casino is more like Macau; it's chambered. It has intimacy. The casino won't in any way resemble the Wynn 
Las Vegas casino but it is the same width as Wynn Las Vegas, which is 250 feet. 


So, Bill, you've been in our place. If you know where the hallway to the Larev showroom is; and the ticket counter. 
Imagine going all the way down to Red 8; the other side of the casino. That entire side of the casino is glass, onto the 
pool garden. And there are two stories of cabanas and a nightclub and pools in the middle, and bars in the middle of 
pools, and restaurants outside. 

The entire place is built on a model -- if I say Saint Tropez or Sacosanc, I'm going to confuse you a little. But the notion 
that we are creating a party that starts in the daytime and continues, is very much part of the idea of this hotel; and 
natural light floods the entire casino. The other side of the casino opposing this 250 feet, which is the side parallel to 
The Strip, which is also a north to south side, equally 250, 270 feet wide, is an entirely -- an atrium. 

So here's a casino that's chambered, with columns and tieback drapes and all kinds of things like that; and there's 
natural light everywhere. It's a completely different place visually and physically. It's going to be fascinating to see 
what our colleagues up and down The Strip and the public make of it. But I will tell you that Encore doesn't look like 
Las Vegas and I don't think that will surprise anybody. We tend to try new things all the time. 

And we've learned from our experience in Macau; we've had a wonderful run there. We developed an idea in Macau 
because we were confused about the small spaces of Lisboa. And not sure whether we should have big spaces like Las 
Vegas, so we sort of hedged our bet. And, Bill, you've been in Macau and you know how our casino is laid out with 
those chambers. Okay, that doesn't exist in Las Vegas, right? 

<Q - William Lerner>: Not that I recall. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Well, it will at Encore. Encore looks like Macau in the gambling part. So the whole thing is 
about intimacy and suites. So Encore offers our type of guest, our caliber of visitor, a whole new choice. The north 
entrance, the main entrance of Encore is a straight shot to the convention center. We have a -- Wynn Boulevard goes 
right straight from our door to the Las Vegas Convention Bureau. 

<A - Ronald Kramer>: And the Echelon and The Plaza... 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Are directly across from our door 

<A - Ronald Kramer>: And all the increasing product that's going to come in around us... 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: They're all connected to it. So the whole high-end of Las Vegas is going to be here in the north 
corner. So we're going to be surrounded by thousands and thousands of brand new rooms, all of them going to be 
representing the new age of Las Vegas. Nothing less than 500 or 600 square feet. And this will be the most wonderful 
concentration of top-end hotels in the world, starting with Palazzo. 

And Palazzo is only a few weeks away. And then a month later we start to have these 4, 5, 6,000 rooms at Echelant 
Cavant. Yitak Chuba is a high-class guy from the Plaza Hotel and his plans for the Frontier are full on. And it's a 
straight shot to the Las Vegas Convention Bureau, 3,000 feet right straight down our road, with free transportation. And 
if you go out the south entrance, you're right straight across to the Las Vegas Sands. 

<A - Ronald Kramer>: When you put it in perspective, five years ago this property was too far north. And when you 
look at, what's going to be developed five years from now, and how it's all going to connect up to the convention 
center, it's -- the center of gravity in the town is clearly shifted. 

<Q - William Lerner>: Thanks, great. Thanks, guys. 

Ronald J. Kramer, President 

Thank you all and we look forward to reporting to you again in the new year. 

Operator 


This concludes the Wynn Resorts Limited Third Quarter Conference Call. Thank you for participating. You may now 
disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2007, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


