Q4 2016 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Stephen Lawrence Cootey 
• Stephen Alan Wynn 
• Ian Michael Coughlan 
• Matthew O. Maddox 
• Ciaran Carruthers 
• Maurice Wooden 
• Robert DeSalvio 
Other Participants 

• Felicia Hendrix 
• Carlo Santarelli 
• Joseph R. Greff 
• Harry C. Curtis 
• Thomas G. Allen 
• Robin M. Farley 
• Shaun Clisby Kelley 
• Adam J. Trivison 
• David Katz 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2016 Earning Call. My name is Ronnie, and I'll 
be your conference operator today. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the 
speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. 

I would now like to turn the conference over to Steve Cootey, Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead. 

Stephen Lawrence Cootey 

Thank you, and good afternoon. Joining the call on behalf of the company today are Steve Wynn, Matt Maddox, 
Maurice Wooden and myself here in Las Vegas. Also, on the phone are the operational management teams from our 
Las Vegas, Macau and Boston properties. 

Before we get started, I just want to remind everyone that we will be making forward-looking statements under the Safe 
Harbor federal securities law. And those statements may or may not come true. 

And with that, I'm going to turn the call over to Mr. Wynn. 

Stephen Alan Wynn 


Very nice to have this call. You've seen our numbers. I have a couple of comments. 

We opened the Palace in Macau on August 22. We opened the Wynn Macau on Labor Day of 2006. It took us about a 
year to get that property to produce operating profits of $1 million a day. We were able, in September, October, 
November and December to get to over $800,000 a day. And the way we operate, we tend to ramp up and put very little 
marketing pressure on a property to find out what its baseline strength is. 

I've said this before, but it's worth repeating, because I'm happy to say that since the first of the year, and during that 
period, the Macau and Encore properties maintained their levels of revenue without being negatively or adversely 
affected by the new hotel in Cotai, and so that revenue was additive. However, since the first of the year, without 
Chinese New Year, which is going to begin today, we were able to have the Wynn Palace come up to $1.6 million a 
day and Wynn in Macau at $1.4 million a day. So, the two hotels have been thrown off about $3 million a day, and I'm 
very glad. It means that our situation is right on target and right on schedule. 

As a matter of fact, we're a little ahead now with our hotel occupancy at the Palace, ahead of our predictions. We're 
running in the 90s at rate. And we're pushing rates upwards in our occupancy, which has caused us to have very good 
mass market success in Cotai. We're still barricaded on four sides by construction, both by the city's light rail system 
and by construction on two sides by SJM and MGM. And at this point, we're not really clear on when those properties 
will open, but we are pretty clear that the light rail and our barricades that have interfered with foot traffic, will be 
relieved by the spring. 

So, I think if you're planning and looking at our operation in Cotai, you could pretty much figure that we're going to be 
barricade-free by the second half of this year, sometime during the second quarter. So, the fact that we're experiencing 
this good mass market activity is a function of our high occupancy at Cotai, which produces a higher end customer, 
consistent with our position in the market, both in the Macau original downtown area and the Cotai area. 

Our fourth quarter was satisfactory in Las Vegas, and January is operating ahead of last year, as we head into Chinese 
New Year, which kicks in pretty much tonight, tomorrow, and this weekend. So, we expect a happy ending, or at least a 
vigorous ending in terms of casino activity at the end of January, going into the Super Bowl in February, and the 
holidays in the first quarter. 

That's pretty much my take as an overlook on our operations. We've been in construction since July in Boston. Bob 
DeSalvio is on the telephone. One of the most unusual parts about our business is that our Chinese operations are run 
by two Irishmen. And Ciaran and Ian are both on the call. And Matt and I are here with Maurice Wooden, who runs 
America, to answer any of your questions. 

And we'll be happy to take them now. 

Q&A 

<A - Stephen Alan Wynn>: Questions? Ma'am, you can begin to take questions on this call, if I'm still on it. Have I... 

<A - Stephen Lawrence Cootey>: No, you're still on. 

<A - Stephen Alan Wynn>: Does nobody have any questions today? 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] And we have a question from the line of Felicia Hendrix. 

<Q - Felicia Hendrix>: Hey. Good afternoon. 

<A - Stephen Alan Wynn>: Hi. 


<Q - Felicia Hendrix>: How are you? Steve, someone just emailed me to tell me that I should wish you a Happy 
Birthday, which is tomorrow, so. 

<A - Stephen Alan Wynn>: Oh, thanks. Don't ask me how old I am. It's a full number. 

<Q - Felicia Hendrix>: I won't ask you, if you don't ask me. So, the color you just gave us in the opening remarks 
were very helpful, where Wynn Palace has ramped to on EBITDA per day. And I was just wondering if you could just 
talk to us about what has happened at that property since the last quarter to get there. Has it been more comp tweaking 
the products, more proactive marketing? Has it benefited from the growth in the market? All of the above? I just think 
it'd be helpful to get some details around what has been driving that. And then in line with that, regarding the margins 
that you're generating at the property, the EBITDA margins, like have you gotten to above 20%? How long does it take 
to get to normalized margins at the property? 

<A - Stephen Alan Wynn>: You know what, I think that Ian is perfect. He got up at 5:30 in the morning to talk to you, 
and I think we ought to let him do so. 

<Q - Felicia Hendrix>: Hi, Ian. 

<A - Ian Michael Coughlan>: Hi, Felicia. Good evening. Good morning. We've done a significant amount of work at 
Wynn Palace after the property opened. We completely reconfigured our main casino floor, and that's driven much 
greater animation and excitement. We've added two themed slot sections, a high-energy promotions area, a new poker 
area. We've also increased accessibility to our high limits area. We're constructing a new noodle restaurant on the floor, 
which has made the casino smaller and also helped with the energy. 

We have increased our marketing activity, both from an awareness perspective and also with general players that are 
visiting. We had increased head count. We've become a member of the much-fabled Cotai Connection, which is 
bringing in just over 1,000 extra people a day. The ramp up in occupancy from the low 70s to the mid 90s has been a 
big help in animating the property. And just generally, we're finding after you get through the chaos of the first six to 
eight weeks, a property settles. And the true players in Cotai are finding our property and discovering it and visiting us. 

We were very much helped by exposure over the October Golden Week, and particularly Christmas and New Year was 
a very busy period for us. So, people are experiencing the property, the right type of players are coming, and they're 
finding it to be their home. There's also been a very, very active program of re-energizing inactive players, players that 
had either split their play from Wynn Macau into the new properties in Cotai or had moved over to Cotai completely. 
And we've re-energized a lot of those players, and they're coming to our property. So, we've been helped by a lift in the 
market also, but it's pretty much everything that Steve covered earlier. 

<A - Stephen Alan Wynn>: One of the things that is being demonstrated, once again, it's not the amount of tables. It's 
who's at them. And we're probably a perfect example of that. Wouldn't you say so, Ian? 

<A - Ian Michael Coughlan>: Yes. 

<A - Stephen Alan Wynn>: Yeah. I don't know what our market share is going to show. But I suspect that it will 
climb from the last quarter. 

<Q - Felicia Hendrix>: And just before... 

<A - Ian Michael Coughlan>: Chinese New Year is a great exposure opportunity for us as well. It's the first prolonged 
holiday period. So, we expect very, very high visitation from people that would normally attend other properties. 

<Q - Felicia Hendrix>: And if we did our quick math correctly, it looks like VIP versus mass mix is roughly 60/40. 
Where do you want that property to end up? 

<A - Stephen Alan Wynn>: What about that, Ian? 

<A - Ian Michael Coughlan>: I mean, we're growing all segments of the business. We've seen – the interesting thing 
in the split between Wynn Macau downtown and Wynn Palace is the strength of our junkets, and also the fact that our 


mass play downtown hasn't been affected a drop. So, we're continuing to grow all segments at Wynn Palace. Where the 
split works out, we'll see, but I think it'll be healthy and pretty similar to our operation downtown. 

<Q - Felicia Hendrix>: Okay. 
<A - Stephen Alan Wynn>: I should add this. Because we get such big play, volatility plays a role month-to-month in 
that sort of thing, probably more so with us than with some of our neighbors. And that's also true in Las Vegas. But 
having mentioned that, volatility is a factor when you look at our company compared to our colleagues up and down 
the street here and abroad. But remember, that volatility factor does have a concomitant benefit. We always, year in and 
year out, run a higher hold percentage than our neighbors. And that's a historical fact. And it has to do with the kind of 
people that come to a place that is geared toward the top end of the market. Even though we have more volatility, we 
still settle at a higher level than everybody else. 

<Q - Felicia Hendrix>: And just on the margin question? 
<A - Stephen Alan Wynn>: 30% in Las Vegas. And, Matt, what is it in China? We're close. 
<A - Matthew O. Maddox>: Yes, I mean, Wynn Macau's always been in that 30% range. And your question was, can 


we get Wynn Palace ramped up over 20%? I think that is certainly going in that direction right now. 
<Q - Felicia Hendrix>: That's what I was asking – so, are you over 20% now? Not in the quarter, but through... 
<A - Stephen Alan Wynn>: Yes. 
<A - Matthew O. Maddox>: Yes. 
<A - Stephen Alan Wynn>: Yes. 
<Q - Felicia Hendrix>: Okay. Perfect. Thank you so much. 
<A - Stephen Alan Wynn>: We're on our way there, so. 


Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - Carlo Santarelli>: Hey, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. Matt, just quickly, in terms of Peninsula, low 
mass hold, high VIP hold, looked a little lower on VIP at Palace. The net effect of all of that stuff, with respect to 
EBITDA, any kind of guidance on that? 

<A - Matthew O. Maddox>: Steve, it's about $6 million light. 

<A - Stephen Alan Wynn>: We're $6 million light. We just hit another $6 million. 

<Q - Carlo Santarelli>: Would have been another $6 million. Okay, great. And then, Steve, on your comments 
regarding kind of October, November, December, I think $840,000 a day was the EBITDA at Palace. You said over 
$800,000 a day. Was that for each of the three months? 

<A - Stephen Alan Wynn>: Ian, is it? I didn't look at that, that way, or at least I've forgotten. 

<A - Ian Michael Coughlan>: [ph] It's around the top (13:13) in consecutive months. 

<Q - Carlo Santarelli>: Great. Okay. That's helpful. Thank you. And then, Ian or Ciaran, and just whoever wants to 
opine. But in terms of what you guys are seeing in the market right now, and I'm speaking more so towards the VIP 
side, clearly, from the DICJ results for the fourth quarter, VIP has meaningfully changed. What is your opinion on that 
as we look out to 2017? And do you think we're at the beginning of a sustained rally in that market? 


<A - Ian Michael Coughlan>: It's been fits and starts throughout 2016. People talked about a VIP recovery. But we 
really have seen a recovery over the last two and a half, three months. There's a lot more confidence. There appears to 
be more liquidity in the market, particularly with the junket, and it's being sustained. So, the outlook is pretty 
promising. 

<A - Stephen Alan Wynn>: I have said this before, and I want to repeat it again. It is very important to keep the long 
view of China. The leadership of that country, and this is also true of Macau, it is a meritocracy, and there are smart 
people running the government. They don't move as fast as we do in the United States, especially these days with our 
new administration, but there is a steady program afoot. Xi Jinping decided that it was a priority of his administration to 
eliminate the perception of corruption that was held by the people with regard to government. And that effort was 
vigorous and protracted. And it did have an effect. But it seemed to be the right thing to do for the right reasons. And it 
had an effect on luxury brands such as gaming and Louis Vuitton and Chanel and Mercedes Benz and that sort of thing. 
But the long-term thrust of China is inexorable and undeniable. And that's why we built what we built, and we're going 
to build more in the future because we have real estate to do it. We have a very, very bullish, bullish attitude about 
China long term for our country. And as we manage our properties, in anticipation of that kind of movement in the 
general economy, we're being rewarded. And I think it's probably a sound way of looking at China and our business 
long term. 

<Q - Carlo Santarelli>: Great. Thank you. And then if I could, just one follow-up. I know you mentioned Bob's on the 
phone. It looks as if costs for Boston are up maybe $300 million at the midpoint. Could you talk a little bit about maybe 
what that relates to? 

<A - Matthew O. Maddox>: This is Matt Maddox. So, we're working through our GMP right now. The previous 
budget had been in there for a number of years. We put a fairly conservative estimate out of in our current earnings 
release. And I think over the next 90 days we'll have much more clarity as we finalize our guaranteed maximum price 
contract. 

<A - Stephen Alan Wynn>: But it's moving along. I mean, they're proceeding at pace. We've been in construction 
since July and we're satisfied with the progress. 

<A - Matthew O. Maddox>: We've spent about $467 million to-date. 

<Q - Carlo Santarelli>: Great. Thanks, guys. I appreciate it. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Joe Greff of JPMorgan. 

<Q - Joseph R. Greff>: Good afternoon, everybody. 

<A - Stephen Alan Wynn>: Hi, Joe. 

<Q - Joseph R. Greff>: Question on when Palace, I think it was Ian who mentioned about some of the physical 
changes that you guys are making to the property. Among some of the things that you're doing is maybe marketing 
differently or to different customers. Can you talk about marketing expenses? Are they elevated relative to what you 
think might be a normalized level? And to what extent do you think they might normalize over time over what 
timeframe? 

<A - Stephen Alan Wynn>: That's an interesting question. Ian, do you want to take a crack at that? You or Ciaran? Or 
Robert Gansmo or Frank Cassella? 

<A - Ian Michael Coughlan>: Linked with the opening, marketing expenses were in the range that we anticipated. But 
they were slightly higher than what we'll have as a run rate for the remainder of the year. We've already seen the 
marketing expenses start to come down. So they're within the Cotai range. It's a different marketplace than Downtown. 
Marketing reinvestment is generally higher in Cotai. But it's where we anticipate it to be. 


<Q - Joseph R. Greff>: Great. And, Ciaran, welcome to the fun conference calls here. Maybe you can talk about, since 
you're new, where you see the opportunities for Wynn Palace to improve. And, Steve Wynn, maybe, Steve, you can 
talk a little bit about some of the opportunities that are more obvious now that were less obvious upon the opening in 
terms of ways to improve revenue and profitability there from here. 

<A - Ciaran Carruthers>: Good morning – go ahead. 

<A - Stephen Alan Wynn>: Go ahead, Ciaran. 

<A - Ciaran Carruthers>: So, good morning and thank you for the welcome. I'll let Ian talk to the opportunities there 
for Wynn Palace because my focus now is going to be to continue to maintain the position and the performance of the 
Downtown Wynn Macau property. Obviously, the Peninsula remains a very solid proposition for the very core market 
of high-level gamers that are coming into Macau. I think the performance in Q4, as solid as that has been, despite the 
opening of Wynn Palace, despite the opening of some of the other new properties on Cotai, bodes very well moving 
forward into the future. 

Obviously, work to be done to continue to maintain that position, maintain the service standards and so on. It's been 
incredibly welcoming, joining the property and seeing just how much commitment there has been, both from Las 
Vegas in terms of the spend to maintain the physical property, and also the commitment and the hard work of the team 
of professionals that are there and that provide such excellent service. We've just got to continue to build on that. 

<A - Stephen Alan Wynn>: Look, the way to look at us, and that'll give you the insight to project us, we have a very 
definite approach to this whole notion of the gaming business and integrated resorts. And our approach is based upon 
two solid truths. Number one, better customers. People who have the money to choose who engage in visiting hotels 
and facilities of this type have a common thread that is undeniable, and that is they go where they're treated the best and 
where the facilities are superior. If you are a player who attends these places, you have a choice and you always go – in 
the long run, always go where the rooms are better, where the facility is immaculately maintained and where the staff 
has had invested in it tremendous amount of energy for training and personal attention to the guest. 

That is to say we're very customized in the way we treat our people and the way we present our facilities. In the long 
run, that garners the strongest possible clientele. And again, I point out it's who's in the building, who's sleeping in the 
rooms that determines the results both in gaming and non-gaming results. It is true that there is a second approach to 
this business which is more akin to Wal-Mart and the mass approach. And the Sands and the Galaxy and the Melco 
people do that beautifully. We come to these people with a different message, that if you have the money and the 
inclination to visit such places, ours offers the most luxurious environment and the best service and the best food. 

And in the end – and our shops are catered to the kind of people we expect to be staying in the rooms. That's to say that 
our facility is, at the end of the day, truly integrated. But it's integrated with a philosophy that's integrated. 

And that tells you our story. That's the Wynn story, plain and simple. It's never been any different, whether it was the 
Golden Nugget Downtown, the Golden Nugget of Atlantic City, Beau Rivage in Mississippi, the Wynn and the Encore 
in the central part of Macau or the new Palace at Cotai. And that will be exactly what happens in Boston. And that's 
going to be our story and it won't change. And you've got a long history of our operations, from Mirage and Bellagio 
and the Golden Nugget to the buildings that we're operating today. 

There's nothing mysterious or secretive or, in a certain sense, particularly cunning about what we do. It's very 
straightforward, right out in the open where everybody can see it. Our competitors choose to approach their challenge 
in a slightly different way and it's certainly valid based upon the earnings and the results of those places. But we slot in 
somewhere else. And in the long run, it gives us tremendous stability and performance that room-for-room, 
foot-by-foot, in any building that we built, they tend to over perform. And we're comfortable doing this. 

I would say that we probably – our management team is a collection of men and women who are attracted to the pursuit 
of excellence. We share a common understanding of who we are and what we present to our guests so we're at least 
consistent, but we're definitely different in our approach than some of the other places. And that's not to say that their 
approach is less valid than ours but ours is well-defined and historically consistent. 


<Q - Joseph R. Greff>: Steve, can you give us the latest update on Paradise Park and the developments on the golf 
course? 

<A - Stephen Alan Wynn>: Well, that takes up most of my time. And we're very close to having our choices settled 
in. And we're adding significantly to our non-casino revenue both in the building of the lagoon and everything that's 
around that lake. It's 1,000x1,000 feet in general terms. Close to 20 or 23 acres of space surrounded by a 
4,400-foot-long boardwalk that's 18 feet wide and which is ringed with retail food and beverage and additional hotel 
rooms, convention and meeting space and various attractions for the 800,000 people a week that come here. And it 
includes a new big theater, a new tower of rooms, substantial expansion of our convention and meeting space, and 
related entertainment attractions and customer activities that we think will appeal to a broad range of folks. And having 
the ability to have a perimeter that's white sand beaches and a boardwalk seems to us to be pretty fetching in the middle 
of the southern Nevada desert. 

We have a unique... 

<Q - Joseph R. Greff>: What are you thinking in terms of the timetable? 

<A - Stephen Alan Wynn>: I hope to take – Matt and I hope to take the business plan to our Board of Directors in the 
second quarter and therefore be in a position to begin work in the fourth quarter of this year. I say that but we have to 
have our prices and our business plan all locked down before I go to my Board to get their permission to proceed. 

We keep the Board apprised in every meeting and on every telephone call of our latest nuance in that development. But 
the incredible amount of options that were available on this 130 acres with 1,000 acre feet of private water, the choices 
were numerous. And my challenge and my design team that has been with me for over 35 years has been to make sure 
that we make the right choices. And there've been so many of them, it's been dizzying. But I think that we've nailed it 
down, we've wrestled it to the ground, and Maurice, Matt, all of us have a tremendous amount of confidence that it's the 
only way forward. 

I mentioned that last September, for example, very interesting. Last September, there were 30 days in Las Vegas, for 
example. We won $1,870,000 a day in gaming, and that had to be the biggest number in America; anywhere but 
Singapore and Macau in the world. And as good as that was, $1,870,000 a day, and that was net of any discounts or 
promotional allowances, our non-casino revenue was $3,340,000 a day net of comps. That tells you about this causal 
relationship between non-casino revenue in an integrated resort and casino revenue. It's the non-casino things that bring 
the folks and determine their choices of where to play the games. 

And so when we approach the design of the golf course property, which sits on our books at a cost of zero, that whole 
parcel has been written off in prior development, we think that we want to take our non-casino revenue to enormously 
high levels because we think that the probability of this 800,000 people a week in this city remaining the same and 
growing is almost a certainty. And that's the fundamental assumption about Las Vegas that leads us to wade in to the 
convention and non-casino end of the business with a high degree of confidence, and entertainment as well. 

<Q - Joseph R. Greff>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Harry Curtis with Nomura. 

<Q - Harry C. Curtis>: Two quick questions. And welcome, Ciaran. I wanted to focus on the growth in VIP in the 
fourth quarter versus sequentially from the third quarter just in the market as a whole, yet at the same time the overall 
trend in mass was flat. And I would have thought that there'd be an inverse relationship three or four months ago. So I 
wanted to ask you guys why you thought particularly mass has yet or is slow to take off given the openings? 

<A - Stephen Alan Wynn>: You understand that question, Matt? 


<A - Matthew O. Maddox>: Yeah, I do. I think that if you look back over history, Harry, when new properties open, 
the junkets ramp up much faster than mass. They get quick injections of liquidity and hit the ground running. The mass 
market customers with new openings tend to not come right away and then find their way to the market a little more 
slowly. But junkets pretty much come out of the gate at 100%. So that's – I think what you saw in the fourth quarter 
was VIP revenue at $4.1 billion compared to $3.5 billion for the market. In the third quarter, you saw the new 
properties really powering the VIP market. 

<A - Stephen Alan Wynn>: And then again, with mass, we're still hamstrung, Matt, don't you think, by the barriers 
that surround our property. 

<A - Matthew O. Maddox>: We are. We are. Harry was talking about the market overall. 

<A - Stephen Alan Wynn>: Oh, oh. 

<A - Matthew O. Maddox>: Mass was – it was pretty much flat from the third quarter, but that has always, when I 
look at the data, ramped up more slowly than VIP with new properties opening for the – due to what the junket 
operators – how they inject the liquidity straight into the market. 

<A - Stephen Alan Wynn>: Did that get you, Harry? Does that answer? 

<Q - Harry C. Curtis>: It does, thank you. And, Steve, a question for you. You commented about how bullish you 
were about making incremental investments in Macau and China. If you could put that comment into context versus the 
rhetoric that's been going on between our new administration and Xi Jinping's Beijing administration, it's been strained. 
What do you think the implications are for Wynn Development in China given this at least initial saber rattling? 

<A - Stephen Alan Wynn>: I think that's probably a good word for it. I'm of the mind, and I have a reason to believe 
that this position is shared in Washington – as you know, I am acquainted with the administration. Several of us in our 
business were sitting within 30 feet of President Trump when he took his oath of office on the platform last Friday. We 
all believe, and I mean all of us, that the most overwhelmingly important event geopolitically for the next 50 years is 
liaison, a constructive liaison between the People's Republic of China and the United States of America. That truth is 
undeniable. That dynamic is unquestioned. 

Now there are issues that are real between two dynamic economies like China and the United States, undeniably. And 
there's a difference between free trade and predatory trade. The government in China understands that it has to do a 
better job with intellectual property rights. They do the best they can in China to create jobs and take people out of 
poverty, and that makes them very dynamic in the management of their economy with that single goal in mind. It 
affects everything from the way they treat energy to create plants and factories to how they manage the currency and 
the movement of currency and their trade policy. 

The United States has its own point of view on that subject and the President has been really clear during the campaign 
that he wants to protect American jobs. Well, that's what they want to do in China as well. So there's going to have to 
be a rapprochement. There's going to have to be an adjustment. But we basically do have intelligent people on both 
sides dealing with this. My own feeling is that it will resolve itself intelligently. 

You can make all kinds of examples. I mean, China controls its currency, but during QE 1, 2 and 3 we devalued the 

U.S. dollar by close to 20%. So when the Fed in financing a deficit of close to $2 billion a day increases the money 
supply, well, that's the same sort of thing, but we just do it differently than they do in a centrally controlled government 
like in Beijing. But a lot of the same things are happening on both sides of the ocean, and they're being done to protect 
the citizens of those two countries. Yet, there isn't a leader in America or a leader in China that doesn't understand that 
when the United States and the People's Republic of China come together on an intelligent basis, the world is a better 
place. 
I'm in a position to know that that opinion is held in Washington and Beijing. And it gives me long-term confidence in 
spite of what happens short term verbally. We mustn't confuse long-term United States policy with the short-term 
conversations that lead to its development. Do I sound like a politician? 


<Q - Harry C. Curtis>: Yes. 

<A - Stephen Alan Wynn>: That's what happens. That's what happens. We just spent four days in Washington and 
you get brainwashed. It's awful. It's a sickness, but it's fascinating. And the fact that America is going through a change 
is probably the greatest thing that's happened in my lifetime because we were so on the wrong track for the past eight 
years. And I've made no secret about that. And I think we're in for better times. For sure. 

<Q - Harry C. Curtis>: To reign this back in towards – or back towards Wynn in China, despite the somewhat 
strained verbal sparring, you feel confident that additional investment in Macau is coming? 

<A - Stephen Alan Wynn>: Absolutely. 

<Q - Harry C. Curtis>: Okay. Very good. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Thomas Allen with Morgan Stanley. 

<Q - Thomas G. Allen>: Hey. So, focusing on Macau in the fourth quarter, comparing the Wynn Macau property to 
Wynn Palace, your VIP turnover was comparable, but your mass drop at Wynn Palace was about 35% lower than 
Wynn Macau. As you continue to ramp up Palace, how do you think that should change? Thank you. 

<A - Stephen Alan Wynn>: Directly related to the physical barriers that surround our property, and that only gets 
better with each passing week and month this spring. That's my answer about that. There's an awful lot of people a few 
hundred yards from our property but they can't quite get there. And they will, they positively will just like they did in 
the past. Watch it change. I tell you that it will change. You can believe me or not believe me, but it's as simple as that. 

<Q - Thomas G. Allen>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Ian Michael Coughlan>: It's also due to Wynn Macau had 10 years to build up an incredibly high stable of 
high-limit players, particularly in Encore, and it will take time to build that at Wynn Palace. Seeing is believing. It gets 
better every week. We're seeing a buildup in our high-limit players, and that will continue to grow over the coming 
months. 

<Q - Thomas G. Allen>: All right. Thank you. And then just, Steve, in December you sold some of your Vegas retail 
to Crown acquisitions. Can you just talk about the rationale there? Thank you. 

<A - Stephen Alan Wynn>: Matt did that deal which was absolutely perfectly timed for us, and I'll let him describe it. 

<A - Matthew O. Maddox>: So, we looked at it for multiple reasons. Number one, the people that we partnered with 
are long-time retailers in the business. And so we wanted to continue to control our retail. We sold a minority stake. We 
thought it was a good capital raise at a multiple that's double where we trade on the market. And so, not only was it the 
ability to raise capital to fund future projects at a really high multiple, but we brought in partners with a lot of 
experience in the luxury retail space to complement what we already do. So for us it was really a win-win and we will 
still control it and consolidate the profits of the retail space because we have over 50% of the ownership. 

<A - Stephen Alan Wynn>: And Haim Chera and his father, Stanley, and that whole Chera family that makes up the 
Crown organization, they taught us a few things right off the bat. They gave us a few pointers in the nuance of how we 
do our leases that immediately increased our profitability. 

<A>: Yes. 

<Q - Thomas G. Allen>: Perfect. That's all I had. Thank you. 

Operator 


Your next question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS. 

<A - Stephen Alan Wynn>: Hi, Robin. 

<Q - Robin M. Farley>: Great. Hi. Thanks. I wanted to ask about you. You've talked about how Palace is going to 
ramp up. At your Analyst Day last year, I think you talked about a range of kind of $630 million to $850 million, which 
is a wide range. Is that still where you're thinking it will ramp? And then similarly, I think you had talked about Wynn 
Macau that you were maybe factoring in that it would be sort of 20% or 25% cannibalization. Is that still – also, do you 
think that you will maybe sort of ramp to that on the downside at Wynn Macau? I know this quarter was obviously – it 
was only down 7% EBITDA, but just thinking about what your expectations were originally. 

<A - Stephen Alan Wynn>: We don't think there's much cannibalization. That 25%, where did that come from? 

<A - Matthew O. Maddox>: That was our analyst presentation showing the Wynn Palace, Wynn Macau market study 
over a year ago back in April. 

<A - Stephen Alan Wynn>: Do you still believe it? 

<A - Matthew O. Maddox>: No, What we've seen is Wynn Macau has held up better than we anticipated due to all the 
reasons we just talked about, the stickiness of the clientele and the 10 years of history. And ramp up of Wynn Palace, as 
we talked about in our last call, is taking longer. We actually didn't anticipate all of the artificial barriers, the 
construction not being on the Cotai connection, et cetera. So, getting to the $600-plus million in 2017, it's going to take 
longer to ramp just than that, just like we said, on our last call, but Wynn Macau is actually performing better than we 
expected. 

<Q - Robin M. Farley>: Oh yeah, no – and I wasn't suggesting that that would be the 2017. I understand that the 
property opened later and the ramp-up issues, but I'm just wondering if that is still the range where you think it will 
ultimately ramp. And then similarly, do you think that as that ramps, the Wynn Macau will maybe get a little bit more 
cannibalization along the lines of what you had originally thought as well. 

<A - Stephen Alan Wynn>: Well, Robin, with regard to the cannibalization, as Macau – as the Palace has ramped up, 
we haven't experienced a cannibalization downtown. So what we thought before but what we're seeing now are slightly 
different in a better way. So the only way that can really know, Robin, is to watch the ramp up of the Palace and to 
continually monitor the performance of the Encore Wynn facility in Macau. You're asking an interesting question. We 
are pretty much, as you are, an observer of this. So far it's been good news, but the biggest thing we're looking forward 
to as these barriers and these obstructions come away is the ramp-up of our mass business. 

I would've thought, Robin, that the cannibalization would've occurred with the junket operators because that's where we 
thought it would show up, and it didn't as yet. So if the mass market ramps up in Cotai, I don't think it's going to affect 
the mass market of Downtown. That would've been where we looked for at the least. We would've looked for it the 
most in the junkets. And as you see, that's not what's happening. I think that there's more good news in the mass market 
in Cotai for sure because of all these things we've talked about and I'm encouraged by what we're seeing with the 
junkets. But I think that the Wynn Palace will get where it's supposed to get. I think Wynn Macau may stay better than 
we thought. 

<Q - Robin M. Farley>: Great. That's helpful. And then... 

<A - Stephen Alan Wynn>: Is that responsive? 

<Q - Robin M. Farley>: ...yeah, that is. So I think what you're saying is that you do still expect that range that you 
talked about nine months ago is still the range ultimately that you'll get to... 

<A - Stephen Alan Wynn>: With one exception. With the exception that we may not experience the cannibalization 
levels we've mentioned earlier. 

<Q - Robin M. Farley>: Right. No, that's great. And then last thing is just quickly, what percent of rooms are sold for 
cash at the Cotai property? 


<A - Stephen Alan Wynn>: What about that, Ian? 

<A - Ian Michael Coughlan>: So, what we've experienced is very similar to the Cotai model. We're doing around 
60% of our rooms are directly casino-related, more comp-related, and 40% are tour and travel, [ph] FIT (45:04) and 
wholesale. 

<Q - Robin M. Farley>: Okay. Great. Thanks very much. 

<A - Stephen Alan Wynn>: Sure. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Shaun Kelley with Bank of America. 

<Q - Shaun Clisby Kelley>: Hi. Good afternoon. I just wanted to go back to some of the sequential ramp-up you guys 
are starting see into Q1. From our seat, it's always getting a little harder to get a sense of what's going on with the 
market kind of on a monthly basis. So I guess my question is in terms of that big ramp-up that you're continuing to see 
so far this year, how much of that would you characterize as the market versus Palace and your properties continuing to 
take share? 

<A - Stephen Alan Wynn>: Oh. Ian, do you have a feel for that question? 

<A - Ian Michael Coughlan>: So there was a very pleasant surprise at the end of last year and earlier into this year. 
We had a very strong Christmas and New Year as a market. A lot of holiday travel, a lot of holiday travel out of China, 
and revenues were excellent. And the sentiment about Chinese New Year is particularly strong. Last year, Chinese New 
Year, people were pretty dour entering it not expecting much, but this year at all levels of the business, people are 
anticipating a very, very strong Chinese New Year. 

<A - Stephen Alan Wynn>: We are as well in Las Vegas. Mo? 

<A - Maurice Wooden>: Absolutely. 

<A - Stephen Alan Wynn>: Maurice is here and he can address this next few weeks. 

<A - Maurice Wooden>: So we've actually continued to see a great trend that we saw at the end of last quarter or the 
last month of last year into the early part of this year and our parties and our events are full. And as far as the amount of 
credit coming in, it's been pretty robust. So we're pretty confident that we've seen the kind of activity that makes us feel 
comfortable that we've got the kind of business flow that we've been looking and anticipating for this year. 

<Q - Shaun Clisby Kelley>: Great. And maybe just to switch gears for a follow-up. Now that Palace seems to have 
stabilized a little bit and the ramp-up is looking pretty secure, could you give us how you're thinking about leverage 
targets kind of into 2017 and how that might filter through to possibly looking at the dividend policy again? How that 
sort of fits in your pecking order versus kind of growth capital? 

<A - Matthew O. Maddox>: Well, Shaun, it's Matt. If you look at our balance sheets, we have a significant cash on 
the balance sheet. We have projects under way. So I would expect debt to remain fairly constant over the next couple of 
years, but EBITDA is growing. So we're not really interested in paying down a lot of debt right now. At the rate our 
EBITDA is growing, leverage is very comfortable. And we have lots of cash on the balance sheet for future projects. 

<Q - Shaun Clisby Kelley>: So, Matt, does that mean that, I guess to the extent you're generating positive operating 
cash flow, there is room to bump the dividend? Or would it be more fair to kind of think about being conservative right 
now given just capital budgets and things that can tend to shift around? 

<A - Stephen Alan Wynn>: Well, we only have 100 million shares outstanding. So, bumping the dividend 
conservatively is not – doesn't really change our financial posture. We're doing $0.50 a quarter. I suppose it's possible 
we could go to $0.75 or something, but we haven't discussed that. We have been more focused on, A, working on our 


Macau operation and getting it stabilized; B, finishing what we're doing here in planning in Las Vegas; and C, putting 
final touches on everything that Bob DeSalvio is running in Boston. 

The gaming market in America is subject to change. Things happen and opportunities present themselves. I think that 
we probably want to take a look in the next few months and see how all that plays out before we tinker with any of the 
kinds of things you're talking about like a dividend or anything like that. The market's moving. Opportunities may 
present themselves and then that would have to be folded into our planning financially. 

<Q - Shaun Clisby Kelley>: Maybe... 

<A - Stephen Alan Wynn>: There's not a hell of a lot more to say than that. 

<A - Matthew O. Maddox>: No, I think that's right. 

<Q - Shaun Clisby Kelley>: Perfect. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Adam Trivison with Gabelli. 

<Q - Adam J. Trivison>: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Given that you have meaningful operations on both the 
peninsula and in Cotai, I'm interested in your thoughts on how the opening of the Pac On Ferry terminal may affect 
visitation trends in Macau. 

<A - Stephen Alan Wynn>: What do you think about that, Ian? 

<A - Ian Michael Coughlan>: I think any infrastructure that comes online is going to be good for Macau. It allows 
more visitation, it'll certainly help the Peninsula, the current ferry terminal and it'll help Cotai. The current ferry 
terminal in Cotai is very temporary in nature and not a good arrival experience. So we're looking forward to the 
opening of it. 

<Q - Adam J. Trivison>: Great. That's helpful. And as a follow-up, based on some recent filings, it looks like there 
were some small changes made to the Wynn Boston Harbor floor plans. Can you comment on those changes and 
maybe the thinking there? 

<A - Stephen Alan Wynn>: DeSalvio, you haven't said anything today. Why don't you chime in? 

<A - Robert DeSalvio>: Sure. Yes. We actually got some – I think we got some very good learning off of the opening 
of Palace, and we've been making shifts in terms of lightening up a little bit on retail, increasing some food and 
beverage and meeting space opportunities because we thought that would be the right mix for the property. So we made 
those adjustments and they're going through final drawings, and we think it was the right move. 

<Q - Adam J. Trivison>: Great. Thanks very much. 

Operator 

And your next question comes from the line of David Katz with Telsey Advisory Group. 

<Q - David Katz>: Hi. Hello, everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. 

<A - Stephen Alan Wynn>: Sure. 

<Q - David Katz>: I wanted to just – I know it's been asked from a couple of different angles but I wanted to ask again 
about the VIP business and the degree to which there is market lift, and specifically how sustainable you believe the – I 
think Ian used the word excellent in describing the trends, how sustainable you expect those to be versus how much is 
the trajectory of ramp-up in that business because you're now open? 


<A - Stephen Alan Wynn>: Good question. And I understand why you ask it again. So there's market trajectory and 
then there's our trajectory. We have an advantage. You remember a few moments ago Ian used the word sticky, 
meaning the customer base was sticky at Wynn Macau. They like it there. And it's hard to pull them out of that place 
because it appeals to them on many levels. And what happens is our trajectory is very much linked to the discovery that 
customers make of the superiority of our rooms, of the whole place and how much fun it is to stay there. So we tend to 
get stickier with better players with each passing month. And so, I have to say that we only make money by paying 
attention to our own business. What the market does is very important, of course, because we're part of it. But we're 
working on our own trajectory and we have a definite way of thinking about that and addressing it. If I understand your 
question correctly [indiscernible] (53:48). 

<Q - David Katz>: So in other words, you're comfortable with where your trajectory is headed and the market helps to 
some degree, but it's not like – yeah. 

<A - Stephen Alan Wynn>: Well, sure because we spent $4.4 billion making sure that we could feel comfortable. 

<Q - David Katz>: Right. 

<A - Stephen Alan Wynn>: We didn't really leave this to salesmanship or verbalization by a CEO or any of the other 
senior people in the company. We did this by putting our money where our mouth is and letting the property speak for 
itself. 

<Q - David Katz>: Right. 

<A - Stephen Alan Wynn>: And as people discover it, the property speaks with a very loud, affirmative voice and 
beckons to people. When they discover our rooms, when they see the facility, they say, wow, I could stay here. Now it 
takes a while. It takes a while for them to do that, but they do it. They always have done it – in Nevada, in Mississippi, 
in New Jersey. They'll do it in Boston. It's always been the same. The history of our operations is a straight-line story, 
very much like the one that I keep repeating on these calls. And it's the only thing we understand. 

<Q - David Katz>: Understood. If I can just ask one more about the construction disruption that you discussed at the 
beginning. MGM is on one side and the degree to which they may be having an impact with construction disruption 
today versus when they open which is now later than what was anticipated. If you can just share some thoughts about 
sort of how you see that impact or lack thereof evolving over the remainder of the year, that'd be helpful. Yes. 

<A - Stephen Alan Wynn>: You bet I'd like to comment on that. In 1986, I bought the property that is now known as 
the Mirage, and I built and it was big enough to hold Treasure Island and the Mirage over a period of time. But we built 
the hotel right up against the Caesar's Palace borderline on the south end of that assembly because we wanted to be near 
our neighbors. We thrive in a competitive environment. We do much better when there's more people around us, not 
less because there's a certain percentage of the people that go to these other hotels to whom we appeal in particular. It 
doesn't do us any good to be alone or isolated. We want to be snug up against our neighbors because the more rooms 
that surround us, the more people, the better chance we have of attracting them. 

So we anxiously await the arrival of SJM and MGM. The reason that the Wynn Macau was such an overwhelming, 
whopping success was because of its proximity to SJM to the arc, to – what's the other place, Matt? There was 
something world. 

<A - Matthew O. Maddox>: Star World. 

<A - Stephen Alan Wynn>: Star World. We're surrounded downtown by these people and it allow us to have an 
extraordinary outrageous return on capital. I think we spent $750 million on the Wynn Macau and we made like $100 
million a month at one point there. It's because of our proximity to our neighbors. It's because we're in the midst of so 
many visitors that we have the opportunity to exploit our competitive advantages of facility and service. So we're dying 
for MGM to open and SJM to get up and running. We welcome our neighbors. We're willing to build bridges between 
the properties. Easy access, and that's one of the reasons why the Sands experiences such terrific results. 


It's because of their connectivity and their proximity to one another. And right now we're not enjoying that but we will, 
I hope, in 2017 at some point have the benefit of active, dynamic, well-constructed neighbors who each bring 
something to the world of visitors that makes Macau more powerful. That's the beauty of this development. Las Vegas 
and Macau prosper because of development, not in spite of it, and we ride that wave like a surfer. So we're hopeful that 
they get open in the fourth quarter or the third, whenever – and we haven't heard any lately. Maybe you have. I haven't 
heard when SJM is supposed to open. Does anybody in my team know what SJM's announcements are? 

<A>: No. 

<A - Stephen Alan Wynn>: It's a mystery. Hopefully maybe when they issue their earnings, they'll talk about it or the 
investment community will ask them. Does anybody on this call know when SJM is supposed to be finished? Do you, 
sir? 

<Q - David Katz>: I do not. 

<A - Stephen Alan Wynn>: Yeah. Ian, do you know what the latest completion dates are on our neighbors? 

<A - Ian Michael Coughlan>: Sometime in 2018 for the Lisboa Palace and all therein. And for MGM, they announced 
the second half of this year. 

<A - Stephen Alan Wynn>: But it's 2018 for SJM, huh? 

<A - Ian Michael Coughlan>: Yes. 

<A - Stephen Alan Wynn>: Well, they're on our south border. That's the least important... 

<A - Ian Michael Coughlan>: What's going to be interesting is to have a quartet of quality on the west side of Cotai, 
Steve. You'll have ourselves, MGM and SJM, and then with City of Dreams across the road with their new Morpheus 
Tower. You have four high-quality projects all within walking distance of each other. So that would become its own 
hub in Cotai, the first stop on the light rail after the new Pac On ferry terminal and the airport. So the future is very 
bright for west Cotai. 

<A - Stephen Alan Wynn>: I wish it was true in Las Vegas, across the street from us where Pac On was going to build 
and where I think the Malaysian folks are going to do it. We love having neighbors. The SJM facility is on the south 
side of our property and that's not where the light rail is. The biggest interference we've got is on the west side, which is 
where Melco and MGM and our front door is, our lake and our gondola and all of our other access points. So we get 
our biggest slug of relief when MGM opens and when they take down the barricades on the west side in front of our 
gondola and the front of our presentation. SJM opening in 2018 probably is – their construction is the least impactful of 
the problem that we've dealt with this year in terms of barricades. It's the west side of the property that really is 
important to us and that's where we're looking for good news in the second half or sooner. 

<Q - David Katz>: Very good. Thank you very much. 

<A - Stephen Alan Wynn>: Sure. 

Operator 

And there are no more questions at this time. 

Stephen Alan Wynn 

Thank you, everybody. Look forward to talking to you in three months, and we'll have maybe more interesting stuff to 
talk about then. In the mean time, have a nice time. 


Operator 

Thank you for participating in today's conference call. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2017, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


