Company Name: Wynn Resorts 
Company Ticker: WYNN US 
Date: 2007-02-27 
Event Description: Q4 2006 Earnings Call 

Q4 2006 Earnings Call 

MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good afternoon, and welcome to the Wynn Resorts Ltd. Fourth Quarter conference call. Joining the call on behalf of 
the company today are Steve Wynn, Ron Kramer, Marc Schorr, John Strzemp, CFO of Wynn Resorts, Andrew Pascal, 
President of Wynn Las Vegas, and Scott Peterson, CFO of Wynn Macau. [Operator Instructions] Now I would like to 
turn the call over to Mr. Kramer. Please go ahead, Sir. 

Ronald J. Kramer, President 

Thank you, Melissa and good afternoon everyone. We are broadcasting this conference call live on 
www.wynnresorts.com, where you can also find the earnings release, which we circulated earlier today. 

Before we begin, I need to remind you that today's conference call contains forward-looking statements under the Safe 
Harbor provisions of federal securities laws. We would also like to caution you that the company's actual results could 
differ materially from the anticipated results in these forward-looking statements. Please see today's press release under 
the caption Forward-Looking Statements for the discussion of risks that may affect our results. In addition, we will 
discuss adjusted property EBITDA, which is a non-GAAP measure. Reconciliation of those measures to the most 
comparable GAAP measure is included in the press release. With that I'm going to turn the call over to Steve Wynn, 
who will spend a few minutes giving you an update on the company's performance, and then we will open the call for 
your questions. Steve? 

Stephen A. Wynn, Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer 

Hello everybody. Nice to see another quarter go by and have a chance to talk to you. You've got the numbers in front of 
you, so the only thing that I really can do in this context is to comment about what I see in them and what I take from 
them and I think – parts of them that I think are instructive and enlightening. Let's see. The best place to start I think, 
I'm particularly interested in talking about Macau for just a moment, because I noticed that some firms put out some 
information about Macau and the opening of the Grand Lisboa and that the general casino or the mass marketing was 
somehow negatively impacted, and all of this was going to spell doom and gloom. 

So in order that those of you who take a real serious interest in our business and are investors as opposed to 
short-sellers or other forms of kibitzing, I will tell you that, as far as we can see, the mass market is doing great and our 
trend since we opened the hotel, and now I'm going to go right through the fourth quarter and into the first, has been up. 
Our mass market win per table is probably the highest in Macau. We don't have as many tables as some people, but 
since the Lisboa and all through our history, the mass market has been growing slightly, and that trend has continued up 
through and including yesterday. So with the opening of our neighbor, the Grand Lisboa, we saw no diminution 
whatsoever in the mass market. So to the extent that that piece of information was being circulated, it was false. 

Our market share in Macau has grown since we opened. I was particularly delighted to see that we're for the month of 
February at our own all-time high, as our marketing efforts start to swing into gear, both on the mass marketing, and 
incidentally our mass market numbers which I say have been very positive and consistent, are those that we have 
achieved without the focused mass marketing efforts that are about to begin under the direction of Marc Schorr and 
Grant Bowie in Macau. So we're very optimistic about that. 

Our VIP business has grown. We are experiencing, both in Las Vegas and in Macau, high hold percentages. Now some 
of those higher hold percentages are impacted by, you know, the luck of the draw so to speak, good luck at the tables. 


But I need to point out a trend that is obvious in our company, and has been in companies that we've operated in the 
past. And I'm speaking for the moment about Bellagio, which consistently held a higher hold percentage than its 
neighbors. And Wynn Las Vegas is continuing that tradition and is consistently holding high, and there's a thing that 
needs to be observed about our type of operation. 

When you spend the kind of money we do on buildings, and you build fanciful places that people really like, that cater 
supposedly to the high end, these places have an advantage. One of them that's very significant in the casino is that 
people stay longer, they play longer, and so places like the Wynn Las Vegas – they tend to have a higher hold 
percentage consistently. So in this quarter and going forward, we're going to change our normal range to 20 to 23. We 
held for the year, last year, in excess of 22. And that has been consistent month in and month out for us, so we want to 
draw our investors' attention to the fact that they can expect as a regular aspect of our type of market share, that we 
have a higher hold percentage, due primarily to the fact that people play longer, and they play those games that are 
more lucrative like Baccarat. 

Number two, the kinds of places that we operate aren't, at the very instant they open, sometimes not as clear to the 
public. When you rely upon environment and having superior experiential moments, then you're dealing with detail. 
And when you do, people don't always see that the first five minutes. It takes a while. That factor of timing is important 
and has always been important in the kinds of buildings that we build, and the kinds of organizations that we manage. 
So what happens is tomorrow is always better than today, and the day after tomorrow better yet, because as people 
experience our hotels, and they experience a level of service and the training of our staffs, they begin to get very 
comfortable and they have a high expectation of consistency. It promotes return visitation, and it's the reason that we 
have the highest room rate in Nevada, the highest win per machine in Nevada, and the highest win per table in Nevada, 
on a normalized, regular basis. 

Time is our friend with our program. That is proving to be the case in Macau as our market share climbs, as we begin to 
get more and more people into our own personal program. An interesting comment, and again I'm going to jump into 
the first quarter because it – there's an anecdote about it that I think is interesting for those of you who have a real 
interest in this company. 

We run our own junket program as well as doing business with three other junket organizations. And that junket 
program, or our dead ship program whatever you want to call it, under the direction of our own senior executive, Linda 
Chen. We give credit to the same people in China that we've been giving credit to for the past 20 years, starting with 
Mirage and even the Golden Nugget before that. And like most companies in our business we have a reserve for 
doubtful accounts that we accrue every day when we issue markers. But in China, when Linda started giving credit in 
our own program, she kept the credit terms on a very short string, very much like the junket operators do in China, and 
we've been collecting in roughly around a 2-week window. But in the month of January, we reserved several million 
dollars for – because we did so much business as a reserve for doubtful accounts, and now we've got to put the money 
back in this quarter because we collected every dime in January. 

These are happy, sort of unique, situations, but it's interesting because we're on a fascinating and wonderful learning 
curve in China, in Macau. Every month has been a wonderful surprise, in which we double our previous prior 
knowledge, and we're enjoying this experience immensely. 

I also want to point out that as much as I enjoy the fact that we compete successfully, whether it's in China or in Las 
Vegas and have for decades, I want to point out that the reason that we've been so successful, both in Mirage resorts 
and here, is not in spite of our competition, but because of it. Would Mirage have been any good were it not for being 
next door to Caesar's Palace? Would Bellagio be any good when we built it if it wasn't in the middle of wonderful Las 
Vegas? Would Wynn Las Vegas be able to be in such a dominant position in terms of its per-unit performance, even 
though we're surrounded by construction, we have no walk-in compared to the other hotels. We've got Palazzo being 
constructed as a noisy steel job, a very exciting building but it's under construction now on our south, we have our own 
Encore tower being constructed on the north, we've got the Stardust closed across the street, and a shopping center that 
closes at 10 o'clock at night. And yet we've been able to achieve per-unit performance in excess of our neighbors. 

We can't wait until The Palazzo is finished. We can't wait until the Venetian opens in Macau. We have to nod in respect 
to the Sands organization, and Sheldon Adelson because of the courage that he's shown in opening the Macau market 
with full power and gusto. This will mark the future, these kinds of projects mark the future of Macau. And as usual, 
hoping that our competitors thrive and prosper, we will step in and build a better mousetrap, that's what we do, and 
we'll capture the top end. 


So we're delighted with what's happening in China, we're anxiously awaiting as we construct more and more of Wynn 
Macau, we anxiously are engaged in the planning process for Cotai and are looking forward to the opening late this 
summer of the Venetian so that that chapter starts to be written. We're also waiting for the construction projects of our 
neighbors here in Las Vegas to mature, because we estimate that there'll be tens of millions of dollars of additional 
value in EBITDA that will accrue to us when Palazzo and the Stardust and places like that are rebuilt, as well as our 
own hotel, which is on the 15th floor. Encore is up 15 floors now and it's, oh, 22 or 23 months out, something like that. 
And things are feeling very good in Las Vegas today. 

Both cities, Macau and Las Vegas, are struggling with the same challenge, that of infrastructure. There are just so many 
people crammed into relatively small spaces. As big as China is, the cities and the areas seem to be all over-crowded 
and happily Las Vegas is such a place as well. I know that our politicians and our political leaders are struggling, both 
in Macau and in Las Vegas to deal with this. But the gaming industry seems to be able to generate crowds faster than 
the public sector can keep up with the infrastructure. I guess you could call that a high-class problem but now it is 
probably a good idea for us to take questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Larry Klatzkin with Jefferies. 

<Q - Lawrence Klatzkin>: Hey guys a couple of questions. One, as far as, it looks like you are going to have more 
slots and less tables in Macau than you originally planned? Am I seeing that right? 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: No. We're going to, at full stretch, with the exception of the lobby VIP casinos which are, I 
think 30 tables, 28 or 30 tables, we will be by the 4th of July, at almost 500 tables, and 12 to 1,300 slot machines. And 
we never planned on having any more. That makes us, and incidentally I think that's a very good size over there – you 
know 500 odd tables and 10 hundred to, 15 to 1,800 slot machines we think is a very healthy number. But of course, 
we're getting $400 a machine with, we have I think 8% of the market. And Samantha, what is that ratio of our, the 
percentage of our equipment to the percentage of our revenue? 

<A - Samanta Stewart>: On tables it is about 605. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Yes we've got double the, a fair share would be that you would have the same percentage of 
revenue as you do of equipment. And in every category, we have multiples of our market share in terms of multiple of 
how much of the equipment we've had. And incidentally, in Atlantic City when we were there, they used to publish a 
number of what percentage of the average you had. When there were 5 casinos, we had 140% of the average in our win 
per foot, and as they opened up the other 4, 3 or 4 hotels, we went to 168%. Our market share increased with 
competition. We really like to do well when there is more places and that's true with the slots. So we don't have less 
equipment Larry, we have, we are right on target for what we said we wanted. 

<Q - Lawrence Klatzkin>: Now for the Diamond Suites, should we assume the same kind of budget and size as what 
you have right now? Or is it going to be cost a little less because of shared facilities? 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Well Diamond Suites is a tower. 

<A>: And it is still in the project development stage and we haven't published a budget for it. 

<Q - Lawrence Klatzkin>: But it is going to have its own gaming and everything else right? 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: We finished design development. It is 40 floors, 10 suites a floor, 400 suites; the smallest one is 
1,000 square feet. It's a beautiful piece of business. We've never done anything quite like it. It's quite a surprise. It's a 
unique thing, and, but the public area, 90% of the public area of Diamond Suites is open this year by the 4th of July. 
Our animated new feature, our lobby, which is sort of this year's volcano or dancing waters or pirate ship sinking, our 
animated lobby and all of those games, which are about 230 or 240 games, they open up this year in five months. 
What's left of Diamond? The showroom will be done this year. What's left for Diamond is its new own underground 
garage, its rooms, two restaurants, some more retail and two VIP casinos each with about 14 or 15 games and catering. 
But the rest of the general casino for Diamond is on target for this year and was part of original budget. 


<Q - Lawrence Klatzkin>: All right, and as far as the golf course land goes, I know you've submitted some plans into 
Las Vegas. Is there anything you can hint what you're thinking about that? 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Well we're thinking about a lot things for the golf course, but I think that we're at a stage in that 
planning where I would be sharing aspiration more than fact with you, and I'm subject to changing my mind. We make 
drawings and work on schemes that are very exciting to us, but as we watch the other things going on in Las Vegas, 
there are so many radical changes and exciting projects that are being tried by the other fellows up and down the street 
that we just can't help but relishing the chance to see how some of them work before we commit ourselves. After all, 
there hasn't been one single moment since 2000 when we haven't been in major construction in two cities. At the 
present moment we're in construction with major projects in both Las Vegas and in Macau. So I don't feel like we're 
dragging our feet, but I also don't feel like we're up against the wall being pressured. We break ground every twenty 
minutes on some other crazy scheme that we haven't thought through. We've never been the biggest and we've never 
been the fastest. What we've always been is the best, and I like that niche. We're going to stay there. So I'm not ready 
yet to fill in the blanks on the golf course. 

<Q - Lawrence Klatzkin>: All right, last thing here, corporate expense, Ron, it's like 15 before options. Should we 
just continue that forward? That kind of the new level with the Macau opened? 

<A - Ronald Kramer>: No I think you should look, there's some nonrecurring bonuses that are in the fourth quarter. 
It's better to look at an average over the year. 

<Q - Lawrence Klatzkin>: All right, and Marc I figure using the holds in the prior year you've got about $26 million 
extra in Vegas from holding better than the 21% from last year? 

<A - Marc Schorr>: A little less. 

<A>: For the quarter it's 10. 

<A - Marc Schorr>: For the fourth quarter it's about 10 million. 

<Q - Lawrence Klatzkin>: 10 million. 

<A - Marc Schorr>: In EBITDA, yes. 

<Q - Lawrence Klatzkin>: In EBITDA, all right thanks guys. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Harry Curtis with J.P. Morgan. 

<Q - Harry Curtis>: Hi guys. Can you hear me? 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Yes. 

<Q - Harry Curtis>: Oh good. Steve, can you talk about the design difference between the – in Macau, between the 
expansion that you opened recently and the original casino floor? What improvements have you made? What's been the 
customer reaction? What are you envision for Phase II of the expansion? 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: What happened was, Harry, Marc Schorr increased our casino from 231 games to two hundred 
and. . . . 

<A - Marc Schorr>: To 250. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: To 250. We did not open the expansion for Chinese New Year because it would have only been 
half of the expansion. When I went there the 2 or 3 weeks before Chinese New Year, 2 weeks before Chinese New 
Year, I decided that the punch of our second part of our casino was so linked to the entrance that I didn't want to show 
the public this surprise until we had it all finished. So I postponed using the expansion, although it's there with the 
carpet down, until June. And so the numbers that you're going to see for us in this quarter that we're in now are with the 
original space. . . . 

<A - Marc Schorr>: Plus 106 slot machines. 


<A - Stephen Wynn>: Plus 106 slot machines. So these numbers and this increased market share has nothing to do 
with the new expansion. We haven't used it yet. That's yet to come in 2007. 

<Q - Harry Curtis>: So can you talk about the differences between... 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Well we've diamondized it, which is a weird sounding thing to say. You want me to verbalize 
what the place is? 

<Q - Harry Curtis>: Yes, what's diamondize? 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: I made that up just now. I don't know what that means. It has a look of its own, and to describe 
it I think would diminish it. We don't do things like our neighbors, so I want to let everybody have a little anticipation 
about what's on the other side of the wall. It's cool; it's different. It's us trying to be original and to offer the public a 
choice that they haven't had before. We're not a commodity in this company. We have a very distinctive voice. And our 
casino will reinforce that. So I'm going to duck the question because I don't think I could do a good job with the 
answer. 

<Q - Harry Curtis>: So at the end of the day, going back to your original comment about there being no decline in the 
mass market, that really is apples-to-apples compared in terms of the amount of gaming capacity today versus say 2 or 
3 weeks ago. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Yes. 

<Q - Harry Curtis>: Okay, that's great. Thank you. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Yes. We did more business with the same equipment. So whoever the yahoo was that said that 
the mass market was going down obviously must live in Arkansas or something, but he's not been around Macau. 

<Q - Harry Curtis>: I think that answers my question. Thank you. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Probably a hedge fund guy with a short position or something, one of those guys. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from David Anders with Merrill Lynch. 
<Q - David Anders>: Great. Two questions. Steve or Ron, could you give us maybe – is there any way we can think 
about timing for Cotai for you? That's number 1 as far as when the project kind of could be open. And number 2, could 
you maybe discuss a little bit, it seems like the hotel guests are a whole new animal for Macau. We have the day 


trippers on one side and we have the VIPs on another. Could you maybe help us understand who's staying in your hotel 
rooms and what their gaming worth is? 
<A - Stephen Wynn>: Marc, what's the occupancy in our hotel in Macau? 
<A - Marc Schorr>: The overall occupancy for the fourth quarter 2006 was 81%. The standard room occupancy was 


94%, and regular rooms were 61% occupancy. 
<A - Stephen Wynn>: Standard or suites? 
<A - Marc Schorr>: Suites. It was 61%. 
<A - Stephen Wynn>: Say it again, will you? 
<A - Marc Schorr>: The regular rooms was 94%, suites were 61%, for a blended occupancy rate of 80.6. 
<A - Stephen Wynn>: A year. 
<A - Marc Schorr>: A year. And for the quarter, the fourth quarter alone, the occupancy was 82%, handed rooms 


were 95.3, and the suites were 61.3. 
<A - Stephen Wynn>: We're holding the suites for the junket guys, the high rollers. And a lot of them will hold the 
rooms. They don't stay in them. They stay downstairs and they don't sleep. So the occupancy of the suites is in fact not 
as low as it seems because they run upstairs – they don't use them but they're committed to them. But that's one of the 



peculiarities of the market is the players want to spend all their time gambling. 

<A - Marc Schorr>: But the rate is just wonderful. The blended rate is 248. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Yes we got a higher rate than we had anticipated on the rooms. 

<A - Marc Schorr>: The suite rate is running at 409 on weekends. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Suites is 409. 

<A - Marc Schorr>: And the standard room at 244. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: And 244 on our standard room. And as I say we're running 92%. But I also want to point out 
quickly so that no one misunderstands. The junket operators they pay for typical rooms as well as part of the allowance 
that we give them. So that, part of that occupancy is sort of subsidized indirectly by us when we give an allowance for 
comps to the junket operators. Cotai? Did I miss part of the question? 

<Q - David Anders>: The timing for Cotai? 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Oh the timing for Cotai. We submitted our revised drawings to the Department of Public 
Works. Grant Bowie submitted them right after – the day after Chinese New Year and so we're awaiting that action 
from – approval from the government to take the next step. These are very ambitious plans that we're talking about. 
And I've got to finish design development and get that organized. I don't have a groundbreaking date today. 

<Q - David Anders>: Great, thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Celeste Brown with Morgan Stanley. 

<Q - Celeste Brown>: Hi good afternoon. Ron, can you discuss the budget on Encore and why it increased versus the 
last time you put in a filing and what your expectations are going forward? Is this the last of the increases that we'll 
see? 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: I think I'm going to start off – this is Steve. I'll answer part of it. The increase in Encore – first 
of all the budget that we published when we were 1.750 million or 1.8 million. 

<A - Marc Schorr>: 1.8 million the last time. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Yes, was based, because we hadn't finished the revisions, was based upon an original budget 
that had to do with the program at the outset. We didn't update that budget until we finished all the design 
developments and well into the working drawings. And at that point we recalculated the scope of the project, the 
amount of square feet that we're building, what the real final shape of all the spaces was and what those spaces were 
comprised of. And so what we had, that occupied about 50% of the increase, was scope change. 

And the other half was, the other half of the increase, is what we will call as a heading, inflation of construction costs. 
And the reason that we know them now and we didn't then is because during the interim, we went and entered contracts 
for concrete, for steel, for sheet rock and other such things. When we did, for the first time in the arc of this program, 
we actually had agreements with the purveyors, the sub-contractors and the suppliers of concrete, steel and what not, 
and we had fixed the prices, the per unit prices of what we were going to pay on this job, for the balance of the job. 

That is to say, inflation per se was over. As bad as inflation has been in the construction market in Las Vegas, once you 
enter into the contracts, you have now locked in the extent to which you are a victim of inflation. And now we know 
exactly how much that inflation is quantitatively for material and per unit cost of things like rebar and carpeting and 
stuff, especially petroleum based and metal based products which have been hit the hardest by world demand and the 
shortage of supply. 

Labor in this market has jumped precipitously in terms of its per hour cost. Trades are being paid above union scale in 
some cases. Las Vegas is the hottest construction city in the United States of America – except for China, maybe in the 
world. There's a shortage of good help. The various builders are competing with each other to try and get the best 
sub-contractors and the best groups of employees to work for them. It's a very critical situation here. I've been doing it 


for 4 years in Las Vegas. I've never seen anything like this. I remember we used to be 15, 18% cheaper than New York 
City and I think we are that much more expensive than New York City now. 

The changes taking place here and Macau, in terms of construction, are dizzying when you see them up close – 
profound alteration of the Las Vegas environment, more than profound alteration of the Macau landscape. So that's 
what has hit the construction costs in the nose. Are you in search of more technical information ma'am? 

<Q - Celeste Brown>: No I don't think I would appreciate the technical information. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: You know I don't know whether our competitors have published all their final budgets, but you 
really don't know until you have the drawings and go to bid. I think we are at the 60% level of final construction 
documents in our hotel. The high rise is frozen up. You know we are on the 15th or 16th, we are pouring the 16th floor 
of that tower today. So that is bought out, the public area and that is stuff we just dealt with the steel fabricators. So we 
were able to finally know exactly what we had to pay. Next question? 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Joseph Greff with Bear Stearns. 

<Q - Joseph Greff>: Hi everyone. I have three questions for Steve for Ron. Steve you mentioned that in Macau 
through yesterday that mass market trends have been doing great and trends have been up since they opened, both I 
guess market share, revenue growth, and VIP has been strong. Can you talk about maybe directionally and if you want 
to give specific numbers in terms of EBITDA margins, how you see those margins trending? That's my first question, 
and then the second question is with respect to either future projects in Vegas, whether or not that's Encore or beyond 
on the golf course in terms of maybe having a change of heart in terms of building a residential component. And then 
my third and final question relates to Japan in terms of commercial casino legislation, what's your sense there in terms 
of timing and appetite? 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Joe, we'll kind of go in reverse order. There's nothing active on the table in Japan at the 
moment, so we can get that straight. That could change in a month or a week. At the moment there is no initiative on 
the table in Japan. 

<A - Ronald Kramer>: But we continue to believe if something does happen in Japan, we're very well positioned 
there through our relationship with the [inaudible]. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: And other people. So the next thing is, if I change my thinking on a residential component for 
the golf course, we felt, and the plans that we've explored, all of our iterations of the golf course include some office 
and some apartment buildings, not condos but apartment buildings, really special high-end stuff. So I don't know what 
impression you had, if that's a change towards, away from or towards the uses that we would put our 160 or 70 acres 
back there, and the water rights that we own. 

And finally you asked me about EBITDAs, and I don't want to get into any extensive discussion of the first quarter 
because we're not done with it yet. I don't know what's going to happen in March. And any numbers that I'm looking at 
now are skewed by Chinese New Year. February is a lusty time over there. And I do, I can see January and I can see 
February, and that's the reason I made the remarks that I made earlier, and I'm certain of those numbers, both from our 
own casino and for Sands and for Galaxy and for SJM as well. The next one that comes online will be PBL's place on 
Taipa, the Crown Casino which is their smaller development, compared to the one that they're going to build on Cotai 
called the City of Dreams, they're our next door neighbor on Cotai. So as far as EBITDA margins go... 

<A - Marc Schorr>: We don't give forward guidance. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: We don't. 

<Q - Joseph Greff>: But you think generally though that you're seeing a ramp-up in margins without giving a specific 
number? 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: You mean in our own building? 

<Q - Joseph Greff>: In your own building. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Our margins improved since we opened. 


<Q - Joseph Greff>: Great, that's helpful, thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from J. Cogan with Banc of America Securities. 

<Q - Jeremy Cogan>: Yes hi, most of my questions have been answered, although just as a follow-up to that last one 


<A - Stephen Wynn>: Hi, Jay. 

<Q - Jeremy Cogan>: Hi, good afternoon. As a follow-up to that last one on the margin question, if I remember 
correctly, at the last call you said you did about 19.5 in February in Macau, and a 25% margin, understanding the 
different businesses there, VIP versus mass for example. I was curious that if the whole margin for the fourth quarter 
was a little bit lower than that, was it a function of mix, or were there other kinds of expenses that you were incurring; 
possibly they continue, or maybe they're gone. I was just curious if you can maybe help us understand that a little bit 
more for the quarter, and then to the comment that the margins are improving in the first quarter too. 

<A - Marc Schorr>: I think in the fourth quarter Jay, it was 25 . 

<Q - Jeremy Cogan>: Okay, maybe I did a – I thought it was closer to 23.5, maybe that was just... 

<A>: 25. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: 23.5. 

<Q - Jeremy Cogan>: Yeah, that's what I thought the number was. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: You know what Jay, our hold percentage when we first started was lower. We were at less than 

2.5 on the VIP, and so our margins were skewed by our startup in Q2 and the fact that we hadn't made our relationships 
with the guests that we are enjoying in January and February. Now did you notice that if you look at 
October/November that our hold percentage was less than the Sands? Remember seeing that Jay? 
<Q - Jeremy Cogan>: In regards to your market share in Macau? 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: No I'm talking about hold percentage on VIP gaming. The turnover, the normalized turnover is 
between 2.5 and 3, we were holding 2.2%, Sands was holding 3 and sometimes 4. Well part of that is not luck. Part of it 
is length of play and people getting to know the place and liking it and not leaving and staying longer. So our hold 
percentage as we went past the first three months went into the more normal ranges that the Sands has enjoyed and so 
our margins went up. Are you getting me on this? 

<Q - Jeremy Cogan>: Yes I wish we had the same level of detail on the day that you're talking about. If you'd like to 
forward it to us, be our guest, but I think I hear where you're coming from. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: You've never seen one of those reports? I thought maybe someone might have slipped it to you, 
the government [inaudible] it shows each of the hotels – what the turnover was, what they're hold percentage was. 
Haven't you ever seen that one? 

<Q - Jeremy Cogan>: I can imagine. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Well it's not a secret. They circulate around town. I thought that this was public information. 
Oh I guess they just give it to the licensed – to the conventioneers? Oops, I shouldn't have said anything. Anyway our 
margin increased because we've normalized casino operations. Is that a clear answer? 

<Q - Jeremy Cogan>: Yes. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: And so, like this place and like the others, when you get to know the customers, when you sort 
things out, when the staff quiets down, when you get to learn how to process the chip roll, when you get to know all the 
new tricks that are associated with Macau like the redemption of the chips and the buying of new chips, the inundation 
of the casino cage with transactions that comes as a physical shock to an American operator until you get use to it and 
adjust your staffing. Once all those things happen, you get more hands out, people are much more satisfied, they don't 
jump up and leave and go across the street, they like the taste of the noodles, they get a kick out of your help, they think 


your rooms are terrific, they like the lighting, and the next thing you know you've got the top joint and that's where 
we're headed here. 

<Q - Jeremy Cogan>: And all that is even in consideration, I think I remember on the last call you said you had 
changed your VIP model so that you're paying commissions on a percentage of revenue going forward rather than as it 
relates to volume. And I thought when it related to volume that that would skew the margins up even more, but you're 
saying even on the new model you still started with lower margins and they improved? 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Well, no. Whether you give 1% of the turn of the sale of the chips, let's just say that 
mathematically – Baccarat is a 2.6% gain including the tie bets and the balance. If you pay a guy a commission, 
discounts to customers, like we do in Las Vegas, based upon the chips he buys, then you get 1%. That would be 40% or 
so of the win, but you give them the 1% whether he wins or he loses, its just on the bet. The other technique is just to 
give him 40% when he loses. 

<Q - Jeremy Cogan>: Right. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: That's on our revenue. We switched to that model. 

<Q - Jeremy Cogan>: Exactly. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Now it doesn't make any difference whether you give 1% on turn or 40% on the win, your 
margin doesn't improve unless you win more money in absolute dollars. So when the hold percentage improves, you 
win more money. And so your revenue number goes up, regardless of what system you're using. Because let's face it, in 
the end, they're pretty much the same. If you want to know what's better... 

<Q - Jeremy Cogan>: I get it. So as you moved through the quarter and your hold improved, your overall margins 
actually on a consolidated basis actually deteriorate because of the mix. Not that it's bad, it's just that it's a function of 
the type of business on a relative basis compared to mass. I think I get it now. We can talk more about it offline. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: If the margin deteriorates, it improves. I wasn't quite following you. All I'm saying is this. 
We're paying a commission, no matter what system you use, money is being given back to the players. That's why we 
got double taxation there. We're giving the money back to the players. The money that the junket operators get, 90% of 
it goes back to the players, just the way we give discounts in Las Vegas. 

But the government reports it on a gross number, not on a net number, and so the figures that you – when you compare 
Las Vegas to Macau, they're misleading. The Wynn in Las Vegas is reported by the state of Nevada and by guys like us 
to you in the investment community on the net cash. We pay gaming tax on cash. We pay taxes on markers when we 
collect them. If we give a guy a discount, the discount comes off before we report the win, you know before we report 
the gaming tax. In Macau, the number is before the discount, so we have a misleading comparison number between the 
two jurisdictions. 

But in any case, whether you give a guy 40% of what he loses, or you give him 1% of the chips he buys, that's the 40% 
number. The only way you get more revenue is by having more activity and you win more money. The margin doesn't 
change, the volume changes, and therefore the win changes. And that's what's caused our margin to go up. More 
activity in the casino, more revenue from the tables. And it isn't directly associated with the technique that we have of 
discounting. It has more to do with the amount of money we've been winning in absolute terms. 

<Q - Jeremy Cogan>: Okay, last question, and understanding I've used up quite an amount of time here. But is there 
any additional update as it relates to longer-term projects? I know you didn't talk about breaking ground or timing on 
Cotai, but any incremental thoughts on the scale and scope of Cotai; what it could be; what it could cost; what it could 
return? And then also Atlantic City, for example, any thoughts on some of the stuff longer out? 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: I don't--the first hotel casino that's being built for 3 billion or more is Venetian. We spent 800 
million on the stuff that we're talking about today, and the – what? 

<A - Marc Schorr>: Well, with everything, a billion 2. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Now when we add phase II this summer, we'll be at a billion 2. That's not $3 billion. So the 
return – and the return on investment's been dandy, as you know. You can see the results--you can judge our, we're 
telling you our EBITDA--you can see where we're headed with this kind of business on an investment like that. It's a 
better return than you'd get in Nevada. 


But when you escalate, you take a giant step up, like the Venetian is going to be a case study of, then you really are 
moving into a different category. And we'll go to school on this, even though we're planning a place that's perhaps more 
ambitious in some respects than the Venetian, we'll go to school on the returns as we see how our friend Sheldon does 
when he presses the launch button, which they say will be in August. I think they're going to have, you were on the call 
but – I didn't hear, but I think they're not opening the retail but they're opening the hotel and the convention and the 
casino. And so we're going to get a very big picture of this and I'm not – I'm still designing Cotai so I'm not doing 
projections yet. So I think we'll probably – the next big piece of information you're going to get is from Sheldon 
Adelson and [inaudible] and friends. 

<Q - Jeremy Cogan>: Okay, thanks so much. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Robin Farley with UBS. 

<Q - Robin Farley>: Hi, great, I've got two questions. The first one is Singapore actually, and by most accounts, that's 
a settled market, but can you please clarify if you are still in discussions of any kind with the Singapore government. I 
guess there's been some kind of mixed views on that. 

And then the second question is on margin. Let me try and ask it a little differently. You've talked about your margins 
and how they should be going up. On the last call, you talked about October margins being 25 to 26%, so we might 
have assumed that with continued ramp up the full quarter would be, maybe even above the 25 to 26% range, and it 
looks like it came in just below 24%. Even adjusting for mix, obviously different types of margins in the VIP versus the 
mass market, can you talk a little bit about, maybe are the margins in mass market or VIP – is one of those areas still 
not – still struggling a little or didn't do as well in October, didn't do as well as the quarter started off initially? 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Well I wouldn't use any words like struggle or not do as well at all. I don't see it that way. I say 
that the margin, when so much of the business is casino versus non-casino, the margin is impacted critically by your 
hold percent. 

<Q - Robin Farley>: Which was normal in the quarter? 

<A - Ronald Kramer>: We would say that our margins are comparable to our competitors but since we know 
everyone is listening in, we'd rather not comment on the specific numbers. 

<A - Marc Schorr>: We did much more VIP business towards the end of the year and that has lower margins than the 
general casino, so our VIP turnover business was greater at the latter part of the year. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Until we open up Phase II we have a limit on how much we can increase our general casino 
business because we have a limitation of table seats. Marc found 30 seats, 30 tables, 20 tables and took us from 230 to 
250 here during... 

<A - Marc Schorr>: We were at 256 as of last night. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: We were at 256 last night. So we just recently in the last couple weeks added, you know, 10% 
more games or something like that. But the big jump for us comes later this spring in a few months. Well we're only – 
March, April, May – we'll start opening all those games in June. We've got the help. And then we will have a more 
balanced mix, Robin, in terms of margins to compare the mass market or, we call it the general casino, with, but when 
you get a precipitous jump in the VIP business as we've experienced lately, it impacts the margin negatively but it 
impacts the bottom line affirmatively. 

<Q - Robin Farley>: Sure that the mix would have an impact but would – on the VIP business specifically, are 
margins in the 10 to 15% range? 

<A - Marc Schorr>: A little less. 

<A>: 15 

<A>: I know that.... 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: You guys got it... 


<A>: 14. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Okay. You're asking me a question to do it the way Marc got to this 14. 

<Q - Robin Farley>: Okay. 

<A - Marc Schorr>: In terms of developing opportunities, we're very focused on Las Vegas and Macau. 

<Q - Robin Farley>: And so, I don't know if that's addressing Singapore at all? 

<A - Marc Schorr>: There's nothing to address. We're very focused on Las Vegas and Macau. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: We like Singapore. There's lovely people there. We've maintained friendships in Singapore, but 
the last time I read the newspaper they gave out the casino licenses... 

<Q - Robin Farley>: That's, by most accounts, that is... 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: To K.T. Lim and to the Sands Hotels and Casino Company. 

<Q - Robin Farley>: That's by most accounts what the situation is so – great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from [inaudible]. 

<Q>: Hi thank you for taking my call. I guess my main question is, with all of the development going on in Macau 
especially, do you feel that the powers that be there are making the appropriate preparations in terms of their 
infrastructure? I mean if there are going to be significantly more hotels and traffic and people, do you think that the 
government there is doing all the right things in order to ensure that actually getting there and leaving there is an easy 
and as pleasurable as can be expected experience? I mean that's been one the things that's been great about Vegas, it's 
very easy to get there and it's very easy to get out. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: We have a very, very clear understanding of what the answer to that question is. The 
government under Edmund Ho there is spending money on infrastructure and quality of life issues for that city which is 
under a rapid escalation of demand. They're spending money as fast as we're paying it in taxes, and that's saying a lot. 
They're at it hammer and tong there, trying to catch up, as they are in Nevada, with the speed of that parabola. So it's 
not a big place and it's the object of this incredible transformation. 

Believe me you haven't seen anything yet. It hasn't even really started there. I mean MGM and, the Grand Lisboa has 
1,000 rooms next door to us, they aren't open yet. They just opened the casino two weeks ago. MGM is building 600 
rooms and villas on the other side of us, it isn't open yet, but Stanley Ho's wife Angela is building a casino on our third 
side, The New World, it's under construction. Pansy Ho is getting approved by the Gaming Control Board while we're 
on the telephone here. All three members approved her as we knew they would in their MGM deal. 

A Pansy Ho next door to MGM directly opposite our restaurant Wing Lei on the boardwalk is building a Mandarin 
Oriental. There are four hotels within 100 meters of our hotel not to mention the Diamond Suites under construction on 
our block. That's our block. You know about Cotai. The ability of Edmund Ho's government, of the SAR's government 
to keep up with this is almost totally, totally taxed. But to say that they are at it would be an understatement. The 
construction – the municipal and public works construction is almost as vigorous as the private sector construction 
there. Roads, bridges, roundabouts, new traffic lanes... 

<A - Marc Schorr>: Airplanes. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Airplanes, flyovers, new ferry terminals, helicopter pads. I must say that as much attention as 
the investment community is spending on Macau, unless you've been there lately and seen what's going on, it's hard to 
verbalize it without sounding very hyperbolic. 

<Q>: No, I understand. I guess the last thing is there was an article recently in Bloomberg Magazine talking about, 
obviously not in your case, but that occupancy is at 75% overall, hotel occupancy... 


<A - Stephen Wynn>: There's a reason for that. That's the kind of statistic that gets written about without explanation. 
And that's the trouble with most things in this country about China. A little bit of knowledge is a dangerous thing. So 
why – there are two things about occupancy that you have to say. First of all, the existing product base has been awful. 
It bears no comparison whatsoever to the new stuff. It's the difference between the most humble, old, crummy drive-in 
motel and Wynn or Bellagio or Venetian. The new stuff, thousands upon thousands of rooms, not only are the best in 
Asia but are comparable or bigger than anything in the world except Las Vegas. 

So first of all what's being offered to the public and to suggest or to think that the Chinese people are not discriminating 
would fly in the face of every speck of information we have. Yves Carcelle told one of my partners – Yves Carcelle is 
the Chairman of Louis Vuitton – that the Louis Vuitton store in Wynn Macau is the best per foot in Asia. Can you 
imagine a Louis Vuitton store, picture this, folks on the call today. Picture a Louis Vuitton store in a hotel or a mall or a 
shopping arcade, and there are so many people trying to get into the 4 or 5,000 square feet... 

<A - Marc Schorr>: Only 2,800. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: Or 3,000 or 5,000 square feet, that they have to put stanchions up in the hallway. There's a 
queue to get into Louis Vuitton because the store is inundated with people. That's what's going on now. So to suggest 
that the Chinese people are not discriminating is to make a totally erroneous observation. So first of all, when the 
products are lousy why would anybody stay in a lousy room? 

And finally, because there are so few of them in many of these places that have the low occupancy, they're holding the 
rooms for the junket operators. As I said earlier, a lot of times you have these rooms that you're holding, the guy 
reserves them, and then the guy doesn't go up and use them. So we don't charge him for it, but that's what's happening. 
The occupancy figures are misleading. Let's take a typical hotel like ours. Marc told you we're at 90-odd percent for the 
typical rooms at $248. 

<A - Marc Schorr>: 95.3. 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: 95.3. So I think it's a little too soon to make a statement like that. I think the real test you're 
going to see is when the Venetian opens up with 3,000 rooms on line every day. Now we'll see the depth of that market. 
There's a real insight. When MGM is open next to us, and Diamond and we have, and the Grand Lisboa's new room is 
beautiful. When we have 3,000 or 3,500 new rooms in one block downtown, and another 5,000 in one block at Cotai, 
now we'll begin to see about rates and occupancies in a form that Bloomberg can write about a little bit more. 

<Q>: Glad to hear it. Glad to hear it. Thank you so much for taking my question. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Edmund Blake with Pinnacle Associates. 

<Q - Edmund Blake>: Hello Steve. Three questions--when is, what is your status with respect to Atlantic City? Two, 
what, have you had any discussions with Branson in Macau? And also, with all of the rooms opening up that you've 
described, in the short run, could there be over-capacity in the number of rooms available for the numbers of people 
that will be coming initially? 

<A - Stephen Wynn>: That last question is the $64 question isn't it. It's not a question that really concerns me, because 
I'm a niche operator. I have the top end, and so I don't worry about that. It's a question that I'm sure [inaudible] and 
Sheldon Adelson are asking themselves. And I think that time is going to be the answer to that. They're doing 
everything on Earth that you can do to open that market with robust energy. Shopping, conventions, concert halls, 
showrooms, suites and rooms, big bag casino, all of these things that are so fascinating that have helped develop Las 
Vegas are coming to bear in Cotai, and we'll see about it shortly. 

With regard to your first two questions, one was about Atlantic City. We do not have anything going in Atlantic City 
except an abiding interest in that market, and confidence that that state is being led by probably the most gifted 
intellectually, the most gifted man as governor they've ever had with Governor Corzine. Where that leads and if it 
translates to leadership in the marketplace of Atlantic City--political leadership in Atlantic City has been an elusive 
concept for the past 30 years, elusive. And it's probably resulted in stunting the growth of the community. 


Planning, you remember the aggravation we had transforming the marina area into a viable destination, which has now 
redefined the city. We brought the Boyds in to build Borgata. We insisted on an infrastructure change, the tunnel. We 
paid for half of it, and that's caused a whole resurgence of interest in Atlantic City, just as we predicted. The 
neighborhood that we were supposed to be destroying is now prospering beyond all historical standards, because there's 
a park. Where there was an ugly street with through traffic, there's now a park on top of that tunnel for children to play 
in. 

But it was a 5-year struggle to get something as simple as that infrastructure done in Atlantic City. New Jersey is not an 
easy place. It is an exciting place and a place that we have an abiding interest in. But unless there's political leadership, 
Atlantic City is always going to be a place that creates a very big challenge for a developer. I'm hoping that Governor 
Corzine will give ourselves and other people a window or a door to go through to make Atlantic City keep the promise. 
But in present time, all that is speculation. I don't have anything further to comment. 

The last part of your question was Richard Branson. I am proud to say that he is a friend of mine. We celebrated the 
opening of his place together. He is a fascinating and charismatic man. I read but did not speak to him about his interest 
in Macau and so whatever Rich has in mind, he hasn't shared it with me as of this moment but I think that Richard 
Branson like Sheldon Adelson and Kirk Kekorian and the Lloyd family would be a very exciting addition and of 
course, my friend Jamie Packer and his partner, they are welcome additions to that city. I don't know what Richard 
Branson has going. I know that he is not a concessionaire or a sub-concessionaire. Perhaps he was going to some kind 
of management deal with somebody but he didn't share that with me. But you know we operate on our own account. 

<Q - Edmund Blake>: Thank you. 

Stephen A. Wynn, Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer 

That is it I guess. Talk to you next time everybody. See you later. 

Operator 

This concludes the Wynn Resorts Limited Fourth Quarter Conference call. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2007, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


