Q3 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Maria Quillard, Investor Relations 
• Jon Olson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
• Moshe Gavrielov, President and Chief Executive Officer 
Other Participants 

• Ruben Roy 
• Brendan Furlong 
• Uche Orji 
• Sumit Dhanda 
• Hans Mosesmann 
• Mahesh Sanganeria 
• Christopher Danely 
• James Schneider 
• David Wu 
• Glen Yeung 
• John Pitzer 
• Timothy Luke 
• Srini Pajjuri 
• Ian Ing 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good afternoon. My name is Casey and I will be your conference operator today. I would like to welcome everyone to 
the Xilinx Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2010 Earnings Release Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to 
prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator 
Instructions] Please limit your questions to one to ensure that management has adequate time to speak to everyone. 

I would now like to turn the conference over to Maria Quillard. Thank you, Miss Quillard. You may begin your 
conference. 

Maria Quillard, Investor Relations 

Thank you and good afternoon, everyone. With me are Moshe Gavrielov, CEO and Jon Olson, CFO. We will provide a 
financial and business review of the December quarter, then we'll open the call for questions. 

Let me remind everyone that during our conference call today, we may make projections or other forward-looking 
statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. We wish to caution you that 
such statements are predictions based on information that is currently available and that actual results may differ 
materially. We refer you to the documents the company files with the SEC, including our 10-Ks, 10-Qs and 8-Ks. 
These documents contain and identify important factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from 


those contained in our projections or forward-looking statements. This conference call is open to all and is being 
webcast live. It can be accessed from our Xilinx Investor Relations website. 

Now let me turn the call over to Jon Olson. 

Jon Olson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you, Maria. During today's commentary, I will review our business results for the December quarter. I will 
conclude my remarks by providing guidance for the March quarter. December quarter sales increased 24% sequentially 
to $513.3 million and an incremental increase of nearly $100 million and a new sales record for Xilinx. 

Sales strength during the quarter was driven by all end markets and all geographies. Sales from our top 50 customers 
and sales from the broad base of our smaller customers both increased in line with total sales. Operating income of 
$136.6 million increased 66% sequentially, representing a record level since the adoption of stock-based compensation 
expense. 

We achieved a couple of major product milestones during the quarter. First and foremost, Virtex-5 sales continued to 
post exceptional sales growth easily surpassing $100 million in sales and becoming the largest FPGA family in history, 
a distinction achieved only twice before by Xilinx's Virtex 2 and Virtex E families. 

Spartan-3 sales also reached record sales during the quarter driven primarily by strength in wireline communications, 
automotive and data processing applications. Sales of Spartan-3 devices currently represent 16% of total sales. New 
product sales increased 32% sequentially with significant increases from all product families. Mainstream and base 
products demonstrated atypically strong increases during the quarter as many customers in these categories replenished 
exceptionally lean inventories. 

All geographies increased sequentially during the quarter with Asia Pacific and North America posting the strongest 
growth of 27% and 25% sequentially respectively. Strength in Asia Pacific was driven by a broad base of applications 
with exceptional strength coming from wired communications. Asia Pacific is our largest geography representing 36% 
of total sales, up from 33% in the same quarter a year ago. 

Strength in North America was also broad based with the largest incremental sales gains coming from communications 
and industrial and other. North American sales now represent 35% of total sales, up from 34% a year ago. 

European sales increased 19% sequentially during the quarter driven by strength from communications, audio/video 
broadcast and automotive. European sales represented 20% of total sales in the December quarter, down from 22% a 
year ago. 

Sales from Japan increased 17% sequentially driven primarily by strength in the industrial and other market. Japan 
currently represents 9% of total sales, down from 11% sales a year ago. 

All of our end markets posted strong growth during the quarter. The largest incremental dollar increases came from 
communications, which increased 23% sequentially and industrial and other which increased 29% sequentially. Within 
communications, sales to wireline customers were particularly strong while sales to wireless customers were up 
slightly. 

All sub segments within the industrial category, including defense, industrial, scientific and medical and test and 
measurement increased significantly. Sales from the consumer and automotive and data processing categories were also 
strong, increasing 15% and 25% sequentially. 

During the quarter, consumer sales were driven primarily by growth within audio/video broadcast and automotive sub 
segments. Data processing sales were driven by strength from computing as well as storage and servers. 

For the quarter, communications represents 46% of total sales, up from 44% a year ago, industrial and other represents 
32%, down from 33% a year ago, consumer and automotive sales now represent 15% of total sales, down from 16% a 


year ago and data processing sales were flat at 7% of total compared to the same quarter a year ago. 

Gross margin for the quarter was 64.1%, up from last quarter's gross margin of 61.9% and in line with the revised 
guidance we provided on December 8. Gross margin primarily benefited from the strong growth in our mainstream and 
base products as well as continued yield improvement and higher sales. 

Operating expenses were $192 million, including $6 million in restructuring charges. Total operating spending was 6 
million higher than forecasted due to the higher variable spending associated with higher sales and profits. 
Restructuring charges were higher than previously forecasted by $2.5 million and are related to additional realignment 
actions taken by the company during the quarter. 

Operating margin increased to 27% for the quarter, up from 20% the prior quarter and the highest we've reported in 
four years. Net income during the quarter was $107 million or $0.38 per diluted share, including the $6 million or 
approximately $0.02 per diluted share for restructuring charges. 

Operating cash flow for December quarter was $185 million before $9 million in CapEx. We paid $44 million in cash 
dividends and spent $25 million on stock buyback during the quarter. During the calendar year, Xilinx generated $511 
million in operating cash flow, a testament to the resilience of our business model during periods of economic 
uncertainty. The tax rate in the December quarter was 20%, slightly higher than forecasted due to geographical mix, but 
in line with our long-term model. 

Let me now comment on the balance sheet. Cash and investments increased $123 million during the quarter to 
approximately $2 billion. We have approximately $690 million in convertible debt and our net cash position is 
approximately $1.3 billion. 

Days sales outstanding decreased six days in the December quarter to 44 days. Combined inventory days in the 
December quarter were 85, up from 75 days in the prior quarter, but slightly below our corporate target of 90 to 100 
days. We have improved our inventory levels by also shipping record levels of product. 

Let me now turn to a discussion of guidance for the March quarter for fiscal year '10. Our backlog heading into the 
quarter is up, however, we move back to a 13-week accounting quarter in March and, therefore, lose the benefit of an 
additional week of turns business. 

We are expecting to see continued strength from Virtex-5 as well as strong growth from our new Virtex-6 and 
Spartan-6 families. We believe growth for the mainstream and base families will abate as customers' inventories are 
replenished. 

From an end market perspective, we're expecting sales from communications to be up slightly, consumer and 
automotive to be down slightly and industrial and other and data processing to be flat. 

As a result, we are expecting sales to be up 3% to down 1% sequentially in the March quarter with sales from Europe 
increasing and sales from all other geographies to be flattish sequentially. The midpoint of our sales guidance is 
predicated on a turns rate of approximately 55%, down from 58% in the December quarter. 

Gross margin is expected to be approximately 64 to 65%. Operating expenses in the March quarter will decrease by 
approximately $12 million to approximately $180 million, including $3 million in restructuring charges. 

Other income and expense is expected to be a net expense of approximately $2 million. The share count is expected to 
be 275 million shares and the tax rate is expected to be approximately 20%. Let me now turn the call over to Moshe. 

Moshe Gavrielov, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Jon, and good afternoon to you all. We are extremely pleased with our overall performance this quarter. 
The magnitude of the sequential revenue increase is absolutely a great achievement. We began to see the recovery in 
our business in the September quarter with broad-based strength across all major end market categories. 


We then entered the December quarter with a solid backlog but were relatively cautious given the economic 
uncertainty, the fact that our lead times have stretched out due to V-5 supply constraints in the past June quarter. 

The recovery continued throughout our third fiscal quarter. We experienced much stronger than expected bookings 
across all end markets. With the exception of wireless and consumer, all subcategories were up over 20% sequentially 
and some end markets like wired comms and test and measurement were up approximately 40%. 

Even with these incredibly strong revenue numbers, six of our ten secondary end markets have still not reached the 
same levels they were back at our previous revenue peak of $488 million. This prior peak was during the June 2008 
quarter. We expect all these secondary end markets to recover above the June 2008 levels over the next year. 

Much has been said about lead times within the semiconductor industry. In our case, our lead times have declined this 
quarter as we expected. With the vast majority of these within a normal four to six-week range, customers can place 
orders with us close to their demand requirements. 

In the December quarter, Virtex-5 surpassed $100 million in revenues very handily. This revenue level we estimate our 
share of the high end 65-nanometer market to be over 80%. As the industry's largest revenue generating FPGA family 
shipping today, demand for Virtex-5 remains extremely robust. We expect Virtex-5 to continue to be a primary sales 
driver throughout our next fiscal year. 

I'm convinced that the strength of our 65-nanometer sales provides compelling evidence the programmable imperative 
is indeed upon us. The next node will continue to extend the inexorable march of programmable logic displacing 
ASICs and over time selective ASSP solutions. We have built upon our Virtex-5 success to deliver this next generation 
of FPGA products, Virtex-6 and Spartan-6. 

Earlier today we announced that Virtex-6 has achieved full production qualification and is now shipping in volume 
production. Reaching this production milestone signifies that we have stable and predictable yields to meet the strong 
customer demand. By applying all that we have learned from Virtex-5, we expect the Virtex-6 family to have a faster 
ramp to volume production than Virtex-5. In fact, many of our 3G wireless customers who are already designing with 
Virtex-6 expect to have their end product shipping in volume in the first half of 2010. 

Earlier this month, we introduced the first – we announced the first shipments and availability of the industry's largest 
FPGA, 40-nanometer Virtex-6 LX760, which is ideal for the most advanced prototyping platform in the ASIC 
Emulation market. 

In parallel, Spartan-6 is the industry's only 45-nanometer high volume FPGA market, the only high volume FPGA 
market with embedded transceiver technology. This is a key technology for Xilinx because it makes us far more 
competitive in the high volume arena. It's the lowest cost and lowest power volume FPGA solution on the market. 
Design wins for Spartan-6 are very healthy. Spartan-6 LXT devices are currently being designed into our customers' 
next generation products, with design win strength coming from communications, industrial, defense and automotive. 

In summary, I'm extremely pleased with our performance this quarter and the compelling execution on all fronts. Our 
65-nanometer leadership is virtually uncontested; design win momentum for our 40 and 45-nanometer products is 
exceptionally strong. 

On the financial front, I'm extremely pleased with our increased profitability. As Jon mentioned earlier, our operating 
margin is the highest it's been in four years and is nearing our corporate target. This is a testament to the continued 
efforts across the company to control expenses and operate more efficiently. Notwithstanding the upturn in our 
business, I want to assure you that we will continue to, as we've done over the past two years remain prudent about cost 
controls. 

Now, let me turn the call back to the operator to open it up for the Q&A session. 

Maria Quillard, Investor Relations 


Operator? 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. Are there any comments while we queue the roster? 

<A - Jon Olson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: No, not from the company. 

Operator 

Okay. And our first question will come from Ruben Roy [Pacific Crest]. 

<Q - Ruben Roy>: Thanks. Jon, can you expand a bit on the communications commentary around wireline being 
strong? Kind of is that service provider related, enterprise networking related and maybe give us a little bit of detail by 
geography? And also in terms of your outlook, when you talk about communications being up a bit, if you could 
expand in kind of which geographies you're seeing strength from. Thank you. 

<A - Jon Olson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Sure, Ruben. The strength from this quarter in 
wireline was actually fairly broad-based. I mean, while the network enterprise piece was up quite a bit we also had 
broad-based improvement across a variety of wireline applications. On the telecom side, head-end equipment, 
customers focused on that as well as some of the access side as well. So actually don't have a percentage split of which 
one might have gone up more than the other because we – actually all were pretty good. 

So this is one of the other reasons we feel pretty good about our overall business strength and moving forward is just 
because we have a lot of broad-based strength across the wireline area on top of the historic strength we've had in the 
wireless piece. So we're feeling pretty good right now about communications infrastructure. 

With respect to geographies I think we generally would say that it would – as we said, Asia in total was up as well as 
Europe and North America and we focused the Japan strength was in another area. So I think it's pretty broad-based 
again, geographically speaking. 

On the forward-looking communications I think we do believe both wireline and wireless will be up some. You know, 
kind of, the up part, we said everything was – comms was going to be up slightly, other things were going to be more 
on the flat side. 

Now that's as compared to our 14-week period and so now that we have a 13-week period it takes we have to – we have 
fewer days to ship so to speak and fewer turns opportunities there. So I think we do believe that there is stronger set of 
business coming out of Europe in this next period. And so I think that's also true from our communications customers 
as well as from other areas. So we see stronger European focus on communications as well as Asia should do 
somewhat better there as well. 

<Q - Ruben Roy>: I see. And just quickly are you comfortable with your inventory level at this point or do you see 
yourself growing inventories going to the March quarter? Thank you. 

<A - Jon Olson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Well you know, when we sat here a quarter 
ago talking about this and then after the call people were kind of astonished when I said we were going to get our 
inventory back up to 90 days and the implication of how many dollars that would mean and could we really have that 
many wafers coming out, etcetera. 

Well, we really did, we didn't get it up to 90 days. We did add 20 – $28 million, which is – which was almost 30% 
growth in our inventory dollars while shipping well over even our revised guidance, 24%. So we do think we're still a 
little lean in some areas and it would be good to get a little bit more in a few areas, but generally we're okay and 


satisfied. 

That doesn't mean that we're going to be continuously operating at this level, in the high 70s, low- to mid-80s, but I 
think we have enough to satisfy what we feel is demand for our customers for the next quarter or two. 

<Q - Ruben Roy>: Great. Thank you, Jon. 

Operator 

Our next question will come from Brendan Furlong [Miller Tabak & Co.]. 

<Q - Brendan Furlong>: Good afternoon, thank you very much. Your comment on the mainstream and base being a 
little bit lower this coming quarter and with the strong inventory fill in the quarter just completed, do you think that the 
inventory fill is largely done or there is more inventory to be done by those mainstream and base customers? 

<A - Jon Olson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, I think it's pretty difficult for us to 
dissect exactly of our growth, what was just replenishment versus not. I think the one thing that we can say about this, 
Brendan, is if you look at our new product growth, it was extremely healthy. It was $40 million, close to 40% of our 
total growth for the company. So that would imply – that wouldn't be a lot of inventory replenishment, because those 
are usually new designs and going new places. So that also gives us a good feeling about the future quarters, about 
building our business. 

I think that in some of our end markets there's probably still some inventory fill coming back. As Moshe pointed out, 
there are several of our sub-markets where we are not back to our record and I think some of those customers are still 
feeling out the economy. So I would guess there could be a little bit of inventory replenishments left in a few of those 
markets, but I'd say the highest percentage of that activity was worked out this quarter. 

<Q - Brendan Furlong>: Excellent. And then my only other question is on the gross margins. The nice bump that you 
got this quarter, was – would it be safe to assume that it's largely or a big part of that is coming from the better 
throughput on the Virtex-5 problems that you had in the last several quarters? 

<A - Jon Olson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Not really. I mean I – I don't think the fact that 
we were behind in the summer producing it and now all of a sudden we're getting much better cost profile, I think we're 
just getting a better overall cost profile because, A, we have higher volumes, so whatever fixed costs we do have are 
amortized over more dollars. But moreover, we are very much focused on improving yields even on products that 
we've had out on the market for many, many years and it's been a renewed focus of the company. 

You're starting to see some of those things come through from those efforts from our last two generations of Virtex in 
particular and, you know, we just feel it's a – you know, a different attitude and commitment at the company about 
focusing on costs of some of our historic product families. 

<Q - Brendan Furlong>: Great. Thank you. Appreciate it. 

Operator 

Our next question will come from Uche Orji [UBS]. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Thank you very much. Moshe, let me just talk to you about the 45 and – 40-nanometer yield trends 
at UMC. There's been all kinds of press as to whether trends, yields are improving in general at TSMC. 

I know you don't use them, but can you just talk to us about what the yield trends are at UMC and also, along those 
lines, if you can also explain, you know, given that Altera was doubled to half the time to market with 40-nanometers. 
How have you been able to retain your top customers given their need for more advanced technologies? So two 
questions together there. Thank you. 


<A - Moshe Gavrielov, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. Two excellent questions. So you know, we 
use two foundries, two different ones. One is UMC for the 40-nanometer and the second is Samsung at the 45 and you 
can – you know, based on the press release you've seen today and my previous comments, we feel very comfortable 
with where we are on UMC and, you know, the yields are going in the right direction and, you know, we've opened 
orders up, so, you know, in a big way, so we're very confident that – that all of the learning we have done, plus all of 
the learning and the proven success on Virtex-5 will enable us to provide our customer – to meet our customer 
requirements. 

In parallel, we are on track for, by the end of this year, this – our financial year to – to move the Spartan-6 into full 
production too. So, you know, we feel very good about those two product lines, the capacity and yields at this point to 
meet our customer requirements. 

With regards to, you know, competition, we have very broad product offering. We're the incumbent on the high end 
and that – you know, that helps us through and, you know, again, we feel that our offering and incumbent position 
provide us with a good position there. 

So it looks really good and we believe that at the 40-nanometer node, the overall market is expanding and expanding 
significantly for FPGAs in particular, vis-à-vis ASICs, but also vis-à-vis some select ASSP markets and that drives 
growth for everyone who's capable of participating in this trend. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: And just on a different note, let me just ask you a wireless infrastructure. You know, wireline was 
very strong particularly this quarter, not so much from wireless. So much has been made as to when the next phase of 
Chinese 3G deployment will kick in, also some expectation as to India 3G licensing. Can you just give us any updates 
you have on both key markets and what your expectation is for wireless infrastructure deployment into the second half 
of 2010? Thank you. 

<A - Jon Olson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Hi, Uche, this is Jon. Let me handle that. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Thanks. 

<A - Jon Olson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: It's still not clear when the ramp for this next 
phase will begin. I mean, we are currently shipping products into the manufacturers who are doing some prototyping 
work, I assume they're going to be in the competition for both China and India, so there are some early shipments going 
on now, but in terms of the volume shipments for the rollouts of either the next phase in China for the TD rollout and 
India, that remains to be seen. 

You know, our thinking on China is still that the ramp is going to start somewhere in the April, May, June timeframe, 
but again, it's – this is just on our long-term forecast that we're getting, not – the hard orders haven't come yet. So that's 
always the proof in the whole situation. 

I will also say that some of our strength from wireless for next quarter is going to be related to wideband CDMA 
shipments in China, so it isn't just watching the TD side of thing, it's also the wideband CDMA, and so that's also 
another – a strength that we'll have next quarter that is – I'll say not really tied to this fourth phase situation in China. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Our next question will come from Sumit Dhanda. [Bank of America – Merrill Lynch] 

<Q - Sumit Dhanda>: Yes, hi. Jon, I had a question on the extra week, I think going into the quarter you didn't think it 
would necessarily contribute too much since it was a holiday week. Would you say that as you do an apples-to-apples 
comparison here in calendar Q1, which is calendar Q4 that that full extra week did contribute about 7% of revenues? 


<A - Jon Olson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: No, our – I mean, our estimates are that we – 
that the last two weeks of our 24% growth, approximately five percentage points of that – five points of that 24 is 
related to the last two weeks. And primarily what we – the last two weeks had embedded both holidays from – in the 
Western economy, holidays, you know, Christmas and then New Year's and our best estimate is based on the turns 
patterns we had in the last two weeks and trying to figure out what the one week was worth and our best estimate on 
that is in the neighborhood of five points of the total of 24. 

<Q - Sumit Dhanda>: Okay. And just a quick follow-up on the mask cost and the trajectory of those mask costs in 
2010, any outlook you could provide on how you'd anticipate that to impact R&D given that mask costs have been a 
little elevated here recently? 

<A - Jon Olson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: So our fiscal year isn't over until March and 
really haven't finished our budgeting process yet, so we're not going to project anything about next year. We'll talk 
more about that at our analyst day, which is in February and give you some more color about what we're thinking, 
there, I mean, mask costs are tied to what our product introduction on a road map, etcetera, and they will start to 
decline, but there's some other factors going on as well. So we'll explain that more in February. February 22 is the date. 

<Q - Sumit Dhanda>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question will come from Hans Mosesmann. [Raymond James] 

<Q - Hans Mosesmann>: Thanks. Moshe, can you give us a little more detail about the evidence that you may have 
regarding the success of your next nodes 40, 45-nanometer in displacing ASICs? Are there some anecdotes you could 
share with us regarding that? And then I have a follow-up. Thanks. 

<A - Moshe Gavrielov, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. Well, we – again, we'll be providing more 
detail in February. But as we go through the design wins with the sales force, we continuously see ASICs being 
displaced, in a big way and in some cases ASSP and – these are things like network processors, things of that sort that 
had their moments of sun in the earlier part of the decade and there was a huge flurry of investment and a lot of those 
products do not have a roadmap, going forward and the customers are now recognizing that in some cases, they would 
rather have the flexibility of using FPGAs to replace those products. 

So we'll show quite a few examples of that and this isn't limited to communications, it definitely – it's broad based in 
A&D, it's happening in other markets like medical, too, and there's a whole host of examples that we'll show. But this 
trend clearly is happening and it will accelerate at 40, it will definitely benefit from having the high volume product 
which broadens the market reach. 

And with each generation, we see that actually moving more and more in our favor and becoming less and less possible 
to justify an ASIC and a lot of these smaller and medium sized semiconductor companies are going to find it very 
difficult to invest these areas. So, we'll – it's incumbent upon us to show you more examples. We have lots of them and 
we'll try and share those in February. 

<Q - Sumit Dhanda>: Great. And then as a follow-up on the 40-nanometer or in terms of process node roadmaps, can 
you share with us what's the next node, if you have that in terms of timing and who would be your partner there if you 
can share that with us? 

<A - Moshe Gavrielov, President and Chief Executive Officer>: We don't have any announcements along those 
lines yet. But, we will be sharing those at the appropriate time. 

<Q - Sumit Dhanda>: Very well. Congratulations on the quarter. 

<A - Moshe Gavrielov, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 


Operator 

Our next question will come from Mahesh Sanganeria [RBC Capital Markets]. 

<Q - Mahesh Sanganeria>: Thank you. So quickly on the industrial side, can you go – you mentioned something 
about test and measurement being up 40%. Can you give us an idea of – the defense side that you were very cautious 
last time and it looks like it did better than that, what was the driver for that? 

<A - Jon Olson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: So on the industrial, industrial side, test and 
measurement specifically, you know, I think the biggest driver I would say would be the return to more classical test 
and measurement applications, just instrumentation, et cetera. The manufacturing – semiconductor manufacturing side 
of things is still relatively weak, although the capital equipment suppliers are certainly trying to ramp up some. But on a 
relative basis to any previous peak time on that sub segment, we're certainly not back there at this point in time. So I 
would say the more classic instrumentation side is probably the biggest strength during that time period. 

Then on defense, we were cautious because we had – we did have one of our orders on a specific project come in a 
quarter earlier than we had anticipated and so we knew that wouldn't repeat itself, so we were cautious and we were 
pleasantly surprised that we're up a little bit more than we said. We said we'd be up some, but not necessarily up a lot. 
You know, we were up, but not – not as much as some of our other end markets were either. So, you know, very strong, 
you know, growth. You know, calendar year on calendar year, quarter over quarter kinds of things, we still see that as 
one of our strongest markets as it has been for us and will continue to be for us. 

<Q - Mahesh Sanganeria>: And quickly on the gross margin side, the 50 basis point improvement, is that mostly 
coming from cost reduction or product mix? 

<A - Jon Olson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Cost reduction primarily and, you know, there 
is a – you know, as we mix more to new products, we talk about base and mainstream not being – growing as much 
next quarter as it had and new products still being very, very strong, you know, the new products do, you know, do 
have a different margin profile, so the fact that we're getting stronger on the new products and also raising margin 
guidance, I mean that's a sign that we are very serious and making, you know, progress and headway in terms of 
improving costs at the company of our products. 

<Q - Mahesh Sanganeria>: Okay. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Our next question will come from Chris Danely [JPMorgan]. 

<Q - Christopher Danely>: Thanks, guys. I know you're going to save the specifics for the analyst meeting, but can 
we expect the gross margins to, I guess, bounce around this 64.5% range going forward and, also, can we expect the 
OpEx to drift down on a percentage basis going forward? 

<A - Jon Olson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Chris, this is Jon. The – you know, gross 
margin, you know, our gross margin range is 63 to 65. We are, you know, operating towards the high end of it. There's 
no boundary, necessarily on the high end, but there's obviously the practicality of introducing a whole new generation 
of products and, you know, the potential impacts on that. 

You know, we'll talk more about our business model in February, but, you know, I think that, you know, we can at a 
minimum, you know, continue to operate towards the high end of this range for a while longer and we're certainly 
working on trying to get it higher than that. I'm not going to make any specific commitment. And OpEx, we're just not 
going to talk about, you know, the OpEx and R&D profile with any granularity at this point in time. We'll talk about it 
in a few weeks. 

<Q - Christopher Danely>: That's fair. And then as my follow-up question, on the manufacturing, so is everything, I 
guess, back to normal now from a delivery/delinquency standpoint? 


<A - Jon Olson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yes. I think we're in pretty decent shape on 
our delivery status and then also the lead times are, you know, starting to move more in line with our historic desire and 
model. You know, that is not to say that, you know, we still – with full foundries, you know, while we're getting what 
we need to meet customers, there's always spot issues in terms of any sort of spikes, you know, along the way. 

So there are still a few product lines where we're, you know, a little hand to mouth, but by and large, we're in a much 
better situation than we were last quarter and certainly the quarter before that. So we've improved to a level that we can 
operate pretty well at this level, I think. 

<Q - Christopher Danely>: Great. Thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question will come from James Schneider [Goldman Sachs]. 

<Q - James Schneider>: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. I guess first of all, to return to the gross 
margin side for a second, in the past you've talked about gross margins for new products being a little bit of a drag on 
the overall corporate profile. Has that gotten to a point where Virtex-5, for example, would be at corporate levels and 
do you expect any marginal improvement there given the size of that business? 

<A - Jon Olson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: So we – so Virtex-5 margins are relatively 
close to corporate model, obviously there's mix issues that can impact on any given quarter or any given customer, but 
we still see headway in margin improvement and, acknowledging that this is the largest family in the history of the 
FPGA industry and will have the largest total revenue of any family and we are still driving forward to higher numbers, 
it's not lost on us that it has an opportunity to be a continued large profit generator. So the focus on gross margin, I 
would say, gross margin improvement in that particular family is intense. We are extremely focused on improving that 
in order to deliver more profitability to the company. 

<Q - James Schneider>: That's helpful, thanks. And as a follow-up, I think you talked about Spartan-6 shipping by 
March timeframe and you've already introduced Virtex-6 and talked about some substantial wireless design wins in the 
first half of this year. Can you give us a sense of where those two product categories could be – when they could be 
material, let's say 3 or 4% of revenues? 

<A - Jon Olson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, I mean usually it takes – it takes about 
four quarters before it starts really having much of an impact. I'm not going to say at what percentage level, but it will 
take a few quarters. 

Now, Moshe did point out that the wireless communications customers are very focused on introducing that and this is 
also why I think this – this particular pattern may be more aggressive growth in both revenue and design wins than 
even Virtex-5 in the early part of its lifecycle and so it could become a little more significant more rapidly than 
Virtex-5 and I think a lot of that depends on the wireless base station roll out that I was speaking of earlier. We still 
have broad-based design wins, certainly the early shipment levels are weighted towards the comm space pretty big, 
pretty largely. 

<Q - James Schneider>: Great. Thanks very much. 

Operator 

Our next question will come from David Wu [GC Research]. 

<Q - David Wu>: Yes. Two things. First thing is on the Virtex-6 roll out, if I read your press release this morning 
correctly, all the family of the Virtex-6 will be shipping, at least sampling by the end of the second calendar quarter of 
the year and Spartan-6, I guess, will all be rolled out by June of this year, also? 


<A - Jon Olson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: I think the base family, Spartan-6 – excuse 
me, Virtex-6, that's accurate. There are some derivative families that won't be production worthy within – within a 
quarter or within two quarters at that point. But by and large, I said the sweet spot of things will be. That's what we're – 
that's what we're focused on getting. And Spartan-6 will follow very shortly after that. I mean it's – there's not going to 
be that much space in between having pretty much the full family available mid-year. 

<Q - David Wu>: Okay. The other question I have is when do you think the series 6 family will take over as the 
leading design winners for you in new design wins? Should we wait? Do we need 12 months or could it be earlier than 
that? 

<A - Jon Olson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, if we're talking about a high volume 
family as the target versus, you know, any FPGA family because obviously our high end is the biggest thing we have 
going, but, you know, Spartan-6 design – opportunity design win activity is probably, already equal or bigger than our 
Spartan-3 series, but I'd have to go – we have many derivatives on Spartan-3, so I guess it's how you dissect the 
Spartan-3 family to get that. We are heavily focused on the design wins, converting opportunities and design wins on 
that family. We still have them on some of the older families, but we're largely focused on having those pile up now. 

<Q - David Wu>: What about the transition between Virtex-6 and Virtex-5 in terms of new design wins? 

<A - Jon Olson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: I think in – from that perspective, Virtex-5 has 
been such a highly popular product family for us. We're still getting quite a few design wins on Virtex-5 which also 
speaks to the longevity and strength of this revenue curve over the lifecycle. So I actually don't have the numbers at my 
fingertips on the crossover quarter on Virtex-5 versus Virtex-6, but we've quoted some and even converted some very 
large Virtex-6 design wins on lifetime revenue, so some pretty big numbers. 

<Q - David Wu>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question will come from Glen Yeung [Citigroup]. 

<Q - Glen Yeung>: Thanks for taking my question. You know, you guys have set record revenues this quarter and 
congratulations on that, but, you know, we're relatively early into an economic cycle and I wonder as you look forward, 
you know, longer term, was there something – or even look backwards to some extent, was there something structural 
in your business that let you get to record revenues this early that could impact us going forward or do you really think 
that even from these levels you can continue to grow with the overall economy? 

<A - Jon Olson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, I'd like to have more space between 
your record revenue and 'but', okay, Glen, because we like to feel pretty good about where we are and where we're 
forecasting for next quarter before we get to all our buts of trying to figure out what bad thing could happen to us now. 
But you know, quite frankly, this is – this notion that, you know, this is some sort of a, one quarter flash and the world's 
going to turn bad on us is really not how we're thinking right now. 

Will there be some volatility ahead of us? Sure. Will there be some slower quarters than others ahead of us? Sure, but 
as we – you know, as we've communicated, Virtex-5 has kicked in, in a huge way, corporate communications are 
strong, corporate profits are up, you know, the corporations are trying to spend more money on IT, we've talked about, 
set top boxes being very brisk throughout the summer and fall, which typically leads to more head end telecom 
equipment being purchased. 

All those things are happening, so sans some sort of, another nuclear economic issue, we feel like infrastructure has got 
a lot of legs in it. And if you look back – the biggest thing looking back on the perspective is the fact that we've been so 
successful at 65-nanometer and the fact that we have thought about our financial discipline at the company and we're 
delivering operating margin growth well in excess of revenue growth. I mean these are things that we've been talking 
about and they're happening now and we're hoping everybody sees that, that these are incredible proof points about the 


strength of our company and we're just getting started. 

<Q - Glen Yeung>: Absolutely. As a follow-up to that, you make the point that you are more normal in terms of lead 
times today, but at the same time recognize that the foundries are relatively tight. When you look farther forward, think 
second half of this year or even into next year, given where capital spending is and what you see for capacity growth, is 
your sense – are you concerned, I guess, about the availability of supply as revenues do start to grow from these levels? 

<A - Jon Olson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: As the CFO, I'm always concerned about that 
because I see all those same signs that the capital investment levels have been pretty weak, although now they're 
starting to come up quite a bit and so maybe we'll be okay. We have long-term dialogues with our foundry partners 
about capacity and talk to them about our needs and do scenario planning and we do scenario planning with them in 
order to get what we need. 

And one of the advantages is I'm sure – I know you know this about FPGAs, it's a great lead vehicle for foundries for 
their process. And so in exchange for working with them very closely, we have typically been able to have a strong 
bond with them and it allows us to get the number of wafers that we need and obviously there's exceptions to that 
depending on how filled they are. But while I'm concerned as the CFO, we seem to be able to have – we have a very 
positive relationship with these suppliers of ours and it's – everything that we can tell right now says we're going to get 
what we need. 

<Q - Glen Yeung>: Okay, great. Thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question will come from John Pitzer [Credit Suisse]. 

<Q - John Pitzer>: Yeah, good afternoon, guys. Thanks for taking my question. A lot of them have been answered. 
But I guess, Jon, revisiting the inventory, I understand there was intent this quarter to build – and quite frankly you're 
still operating below your days target. But I guess I'm struggling a little bit with trying to reconcile your comments 
about – around lead times being relatively stable and manageable, revenue expectations for the March quarter being 
kind of flattish and yet growing inventories 28% sequentially. Can you help me understand why you feel like you have 
to get back to that 90 days right here, right now? 

<A - Jon Olson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, sure, John. The – there is – our business 
is typified by in many different combinations of products and low volume, high mix on a relative basis to people like 
you would think of processor manufacturers or cell phone chipset manufacturers, etcetera. So we require lots of 
inventory on a relative basis in order to make sure we can pull safety stock and can meet customers' needs as rapidly as 
we can. 

So we knew we were severely behind on our safety stock, which is why we made such a commitment to try to build 
inventory this last quarter. We were relatively successful, not as successful as I would have – I had forecasted and liked 
to be, but successful enough that says we have – the highest volume products and the ones that are the most important 
products to our customers, we feel we are in a reasonable safety stock position. 

And that doesn't mean that across the board we feel comfortable that all our parts are at the right level of safety stock, 
but we are ahead of where the long-term forecasts say we need from our customers. So we have adequate supply, we 
just haven't built safety stock back on everything. 

That being said, we can – being between 85 days and 90, it's really not that many days. Could I see us operating us 
consistently at 85 days versus 90, 95? It's possible, it's just that, there's a few things that we'd like to have a little bit 
more of. So I think it all kind of fits together. I mean we – next quarter it's – days are going to be down some, but 
dollars will be flat to up a little bit. So we'll be fine. 

<Q - John Pitzer>: Thanks. If I can sneak one more in. In your prepared comments you said you expect Europe to 
grow sequentially in the March quarter. I'm just kind of curious what's driving that? 


<A - Moshe Gavrielov, President and Chief Executive Officer>: It's both comms and industrial segments. So they've 
kind of lagged – Europe has kind of lagged on the recovery and that's helping us with I'll say the broader base of 
customers. Since their distribution got stronger this quarter, it's going to continue to be solid next quarter and industrial 
customers are starting to come back in Europe, so that's helping us quite a bit. 

And then over the top of that is a very strong communications focus and I – in addition to the China focus, there's also 
shipments of LTE products into the U.S. and Europe and particularly the Verizon into the U.S. and some prep for India 
going on. So those are the kinds of things that are – that's getting some focus there. The wireline part in Europe is also 
showing some strength in some of those key customers as well, so it will be a big communication focus and industrial 
improvement in Europe for next quarter. 

<Q - John Pitzer>: Great. Thanks, guys. 

Operator 

Our next question will come from Luke Tim (sic) [Tim Luke, Barclays Capital]. 

<Q - Timothy Luke>: Tim Luke, even. So Jon, just in terms of your color going forward – first, congratulations, 
clearly, on a very strong quarter. But for a while you'd been – for some years in the sort of bouncing around the 480 
million in revenue, now you've broken through to sort of 513, 514 and yet you're guiding up again in the March period. 

Can you just clarify what the terms are for that and then it sounded like in thinking about the year, you're saying, look, 
communications is going to be strong. Is it also infrastructure that makes you feel reasonably positive about the full 
year or what are the other sort of major contributors? 

And it also sounded like you're thinking that China ramps again in April, May, June. After these sort of stronger 
quarters, should we expect some moderation in the overall revenue picture in June or how are you beginning to think 
about that? Thank you. 

<A - Jon Olson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Okay, Tim, you've impressed me with how 
many questions you can ask in two sentences, once again. Let me see if can – if I've got them all and I'll – as I click 
through them. So we did say our backlog was up going into the quarter, so we do have what I would say a pretty strong 
backlog again. We are forecasting a turns rate of mid-50s, so 55%, in that range, which is lower than our actual turns 
for the last quarter. 

And some of that is just related to what we think we're booked on and what customers and booked ahead on, etcetera. 
So maybe that could be called a little bit of a conservative play or not. I mean we think that it's – turns will – turns 
numbers will be a little lower in this particular quarter going forward. 

So the strength of the business is truly – for next quarter, is going to be communications and even though the next 
phase of the TD rollout in China won't be necessarily happening in a big way next quarter, there are – there is still 
wireless strength, we believe, and there are other – there is still – the Chinese manufacturers are still acquiring product 
from us for – that are attached to the older phases. Just because there's a bit of a ramp down doesn't mean it's totally 
over. And so those builds continue. 

But we're also getting strong wireline business out of China as well. So as they – as those companies start to take more 
share on a worldwide basis and stretch out, that is also a good customer base for us. So by and large next quarter will be 
comms based, both wireline and wireless on a worldwide basis. 

The wireline side is tied heavily, I think, to the infrastructure part of enterprise networking part. If that continues to be 
strong, the corporate profits being up are typically true signals that people buy IT equipment. If that continues to be 
strong in the first half of the calendar year, that bodes well for us for communications. 


And, do I think there will be some bumpiness throughout the year? Sure, there probably will and comms will probably 
take a breather or the growth will abate sometime during the year and flatten out, probably will, but I do – all the signs 
that we see right now show this to be a year of very strong infrastructure play for a lot of companies. 

<Q - Timothy Luke>: Just for clarification, the interest expense is negative two, is that how you should think about it 
going forward and the tax rate is 20%, is that what we should think about going forward? 

<A - Jon Olson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, I think, the net expense is driven by the 
fact that interest rates are so low and the convertible debt expense that we have is more than offsets that and so, 
depending on your position of what's going to happen to interest rates this year, I guess we think they're going to be 
pretty low, I would say that that's probably a pretty reasonable forward-looking forecast on that. And the tax rate, as we 
said in the past, would probably be 21 – 20, 21% going forward. So that's pretty reasonable as well. 

<Q - Timothy Luke>: Thank you so much. 

Operator 

Our next question will come from Srini Pajjuri. [Calyon Securities] 

<Q - Srini Pajjuri>: Thanks. Jon, just a clarification to the previous question, you said you required turns of about 
55%, which is lower than the last quarter. I'm just wondering why – I mean given that you've built some inventory, I 
would have expected turns requirement to be a little bit higher than last quarter. Are you seeing anything in your 
forecast from your customers that gives you – that makes you a little cautious here or are you just being conservative? 

<A - Jon Olson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, if you start-off with a higher backlog 
number, that's really the key in this. So we have a higher backlog number and the turns, the percentages sometimes are 

– you know, are deceiving. We've had such a strong growth pattern, you know, last quarter or two quarters ago and last 
quarter, the dollar – the dollar turns per week associated with these percentages are starting to be a pretty large dollar 
on a dollar basis. 
So, we are concerned that, there is some concern that possibly the dollars are going to get – look unreasonable of what 
we could expect for the turns. If you take the mid-point 55% turns and dollarize it, it's about the same dollar turns that 
we had on a weekly basis last quarter in an approximation and that was a very high run rate for us from a historical 
perspective. So, you know, is that being conservative, I don't know. Is it being realistic, I think it's probably being 
realistic more than it's being conservative. 

<Q - Srini Pajjuri>: Okay. Just then one for Moshe, Moshe, you said that some of the segments are still below your 
peak levels. Could you give a bit more color as to which segments you're talking about here and, also, is it your 
expectation that, you know, these segments will also come back to the peak level in the next few quarters? Thank you. 

<A - Moshe Gavrielov, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, so, six of the 10, even though we had a 
blow-out record revenue quarter, six of the 10 segments that we follow are not at the level that they were when we hit 
the previous peak which was 488, which is about 25 million less than this past quarter and we expect those segments 
over the next year, not necessarily all in unison and, you know, there will be fluctuations, but we see room for growth 
based on looking at the end market. 

So, the ones – you know, the ones which we have – which hit the peaks are – okay, the yellow ones. Okay. Sorry. I was 
just getting – so wired, ISM, Test and Measurement, AVB, computing and storage have not yet hit the past peak and 
those are – there's opportunities for them to grow and hit that. 

And, you know – and we see secular trends that can justify that, as Jon talks about test and measurement, we see a 
recovery in that area and I hear it consistently from the CEOs from those companies. They're seeing secular trends that 
are driving those requirements and their orders are starting to build up and after a very challenging period. And that's 
just an example – one example. Jon talked about wireless, too. Industrial, is sort of a grab bag for a whole host of 
smaller applications and that, too, we see growing, having the potential to grow, and hit those peaks. 


So, the bottom line there was we see opportunity for growth in these additional markets and we can – we expect that to 
happen over the next year, for them to hit or hopefully even exceed their previous peaks as they're transitioning to 
higher content in FPGA solutions. 

<Q - Srini Pajjuri>: Great. Thank you. 

<A - Maria Quillard, Investor Relations>: Operator, one last question, please. 

Operator 

And our last question will come from Ian Ing [Broadpoint AmTech]. 

<Q - Ian Ing>: Okay. Thanks for fitting me in. Well, congrats on having the 40-nanometer wafers moved to 
production. Is there any increase in the potential for sales of zero-cost inventory? I know historically it's been pretty 
minimal, you know, with 40-nano wafers? 

<A - Jon Olson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: No, no. 

<Q - Ian Ing>: Engineering samples? The engineering samples? 

<A - Jon Olson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yes. For the most part we – you know, the 
engineering samples are used for the testing process to verify everything and so anything that we produce in 
engineering samples that we think are salable would have been valued in inventory already, so it's kind of a mixture of 
what happens to engineering samples. 

<Q - Ian Ing>: All right. Thank you. 

Maria Quillard, Investor Relations 

Well, thank you all for joining us today. We have a playback of this call beginning at 5 PM Pacific, 8 PM eastern 
today. For a copy of our earnings release, please visit our IR website. We will not be providing a scheduled mid-quarter 
update for the March ending quarter. Our next earnings release date for the fourth quarter of FY '10 will be Wednesday, 
April 28 after the market close. This quarter we'll be presenting at the Goldman Sachs and CLSA conferences in San 
Francisco. We will also be holding an analyst meeting on February 22. This completes our call. Thank you all for your 
participation. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2010, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


