Q1 2011 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Maria Quillard, Investor Relations 
• Jon Olson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
• Moshe Gavrielov, President and Chief Executive Officer 
Other Participants 

• Uche Orji 
• Aniel Mahtani 
• Chris Danely 
• Mahesh Sanganeria 
• James Schneider 
• David Wong 
• Ruben Roy 
• Ian Ing 
• Hans Mosesmann 
• Shawn Webster 
• Apurva Patel 
• Ryan Goodman 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good afternoon. My name is Josh and I will be your conference operator. I would now like to welcome everyone to the 
Xilinx First Quarter Fiscal Year 2011 Earnings Release Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent 
any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] 

I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Maria Quillard. Thank you. Ms. Quillard, you may begin your conference. 

Maria Quillard, Investor Relations 

Thank you everyone and good afternoon. With me are Moshe Gavrielov, CEO, and Jon Olson, CFO. We will provide a 
financial and business review of the June quarter, then we'll open the call up for questions. 

Let me remind everyone that during our conference call today, we may make projections or other forward-looking 
statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. We wish to caution you that 
such statements are predictions based on information that is currently available and that actual results may differ 
materially. 

We refer you to the documents the company files with the SEC, including our 10-Ks, 10-Qs and 8-Ks. These 
documents contain and identify important factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those 
contained in our projections or forward-looking statements. This conference call is open to all and is being webcast 
live. It can be accessed from our Investor Relations website. 


Now let me turn the call over to Jon Olson. 

Jon Olson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you, Maria. During today's commentary I will review our June quarter business results. I will conclude my 
remarks by providing guidance for the September quarter. The June quarter was a strong quarter setting records for 
both sales and operating income. With sales of $595 million we set a record for the third consecutive quarter and 
operating income reached an historic high of $208 million. This operating income performance represents a 
year-over-year increase of 263%, over four times the rate of sales increase during the same period. The operating 
leverage was a direct result of not only the significant growth in revenue, but was greatly enhanced by the restructuring 
actions and cost reduction efforts driven at the company over the past two years. 

June quarter sales of $595 million increased 12% sequentially, better than expected sales growth was driven primarily 
by strong new product growth as well as across the board strength in the industrial and other category. 

Sales for the first two months of the quarter were in align with our expectations while the third month was stronger than 
expected. Turns business for the quarter was 53%, down from 56% in the prior quarter. Xilinx remains supply 
constrained throughout the quarter, and we have not experienced measurable lead time improvements. Delinquencies 
exiting the quarter were in line with our expectations. 

However, demand has been and continues to be stronger than anticipated in both the June and September quarters. As a 
result, we do not expect supply constraints to be fully resolved for at least a couple more quarters. While we are 
growing wafer outs quarter by quarter from our foundry network, the supply chain remains at full capacity. 

Based on the increases in wafers, we believe that delinquencies can be kept from growing further. Gross margin of 65% 
was up from 61.8% in the same quarter a year ago. In the past year gross margin has benefited from the implementation 
of supply chain efficiencies and greater focus on cost reduction. 

Operating expenses decreased 5% sequentially, more than anticipated due to lower R&D spending which is a result of 
delayed hiring and a push-out of contract engineering services to future quarters. As a result, operating income 
increased 33% sequentially to a record $208 million or 35% of sales. This is up from 30% in the prior quarter and up 
from 15% in the same quarter a year ago. 

New product sales increased 23% sequentially in the June quarter to 39% of sales driven by exceptionally strong 
growth from Virtex-5 as well as our newest Virtex-6 family. Sales from our Virtex-6 and Spartan-6 families were up 
substantially. Mainstream products increased 9% sequentially representing 30% of total sales and base products 
increased 4% sequentially to 27% of total. 

Europe was our strongest geography during the quarter with sales increasing 19% sequentially. Most end markets in 
Europe posted strong double-digit growth with the sales from wireless communications representing the largest 
incremental increase. 

North American sales increased 12% sequentially driven by defense, wire communications and industrial scientific and 
medical applications. Asia-Pacific sales increased 11% sequentially with strength from wired and wireless 
communications, consumer and industrial applications. Sales from Japan were essentially flat for the quarter. 

From an end market perspective, communications sales increased 12% sequentially. Both wireless and wireline 
communications increased during the quarter. Industrial and other sales reached a new record increasing 21% 
sequentially with double-digit sequential increases from defense, industrial scientific and medical, and test and 
measurement. 

Over the past five years sales from this category have more than doubled, a strong testament to the fact that PLDs are 
gaining ground verses ASICs and ASSPs in these markets. Consumer and automotive sales increased 8% sequentially 
driven by strength in audio/video broadcast and consumer applications. 


Lastly sales from data processing decreased as anticipated due primarily to the timing of customer programs. Net 
income during the quarter was $159 million or $0.58 per diluted share. Other income and expense was a net expense of 
$5 million. This was higher than the $2 million net expense number we estimated at the beginning of the quarter 
primarily due to the impact of the debt issuance and the, any delay in recognizing the gain on the sale of an investment. 

Operating cash flow for the March quarter was $107 million before $18 million in CapEx. During the quarter Xilinx 
issued $600 million in convertible senior notes. We used $433 million in proceeds from this issuance to repurchase 
$16.3 million – excuse me, 16.3 million shares. We also paid $44 million in cash dividends. The tax rate in the June 
quarter was 22%. 

In total, this quarter's strong financial performance resulted in a return on equity of 32%, up from 8% in the same 
quarter a year ago. Improved profitability as well as the recent issuance of convertible debt for the primary purpose of 
share repurchase drove the majority of this improvement. 

Let me now comment on the balance sheet. Cash and investments increased $155 million during the quarter to 
approximately $2.1 billion. We now have approximately $1.3 billion in convertible debt on our balance sheet, which 
includes the recent convertible issuance. Our net cash position is approximately $800 million. 

Days sales outstanding increased nine days in the June quarter to 54 days. Combined inventory days in the June quarter 
were 80, up from 79 in the prior quarter. As I mentioned earlier in my remarks, our overall supply chain remains tight. 
However, we have been able to meet customers' critical needs despite the delinquency levels we are experiencing. In 
the September quarter, we expect inventory days to be approximately flat. 

Let me now turn to the discussion to guidance for the September quarter FY '11. Our backlog heading into the quarter 
is up. We are expecting to see continued strength from Virtex-5 as well as continued strong growth from our new 
Virtex-6 and Spartan-6 families. From an end market perspective, we are expecting sales from communications to be 
up, driven primarily by strength in wireless communications. Coming off a very strong quarter, industrial and other 
sales are expected to decrease slightly primarily due to decreases from defense as well as industrial and scientific and 
medical and test and measurement. 

Consumer and automotive sales are expected to be up sequentially driven by increased consumer and audio video 
broadcast sales. Lastly, data process is expected to increase driven by both storage and server applications. As a result, 
we are expecting total sales to be up 3 to 7% sequentially in the September quarter, with sales in North America 
declining and sales from all other regions increasing. The midpoint of our sales guidance is predicated on a turns rate of 
approximately 48%. This is down from the 53% in the June quarter. 

Our belief is that due to the extended lead time situation, we are more fully booked than in previous quarters. Gross 
margin is expected to be 65% plus or minus a point. Operating expenses in the September quarter are expected to be 
approximately $185 million. The increase in expenses is related to increased engineering hiring to support next 
generation programs, expenses associated with contract engineering services and higher variable and selling and 
compensation expenses associated with our higher revenue and profit levels. 

Other income and expense is expected to be a net expense of approximately $4 million. The share count is expected to 
be 264 million shares as the impact of our recent accelerated share purchase is fully reflected, but offset somewhat by 
share issuance associated with our annual focal and review processes. The tax rate for fiscal 2011 is expected to be 
22%. 

Let me now turn the call over to Moshe. 

Moshe Gavrielov, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Jon, and good afternoon to you all. We are delighted to have delivered our third consecutive quarter of 
record revenues, highlighting that the customer demand side of the business remains very healthy. Six of our end 
market segments increased by double digits sequentially, wireless, defense, industrial, test, industrial test and 


measurement, ABB and consumer. 

This very broad based market strength resulted in us easily beating the high end of our revenue guidance range for the 
June ending quarter. In addition, with our 3 to 7% sales growth forecast for the September quarter, we're expecting 
better than normal summer seasonality. The reason we are feeling positive about the September quarter is that orders 
are already well booked and our starting backlog is up significantly. 

Turning to the supply side of our business, continue to serve our customer needs we remain constrained primarily by 
foundry capacity. Our lead times continue to be stretched out like those of many others in the semiconductor industry. 

Driving our record revenue growth during the June quarter were our new 40 and 65-nanometer FPGAs along with a 
90-nanometer Virtex-4 family resurgence. Sales of our latest 40-nanometer Virtex-6 products increased substantially 
[inaudible] primary driver of our wireless communications sequential increase. 

As we predicted, several of our 3G wireless customers took significant delivery of our Virtex-6 parts; their designs 
began shipping in volume production. Our flagship 65-nanometer Virtex-5 family reached more than 25% of overall 
revenues this quarter, establishing another new record of the highest generating revenue family in PLD history. In the 
September quarter, we expect Virtex-5 revenues to increase once again. 

Lastly, our 90-nanometer Virtex-4 revenues increased 50% sequentially, driven in part by strength from our defense 
customers. Current trends continue. Our growth rate is on pace to exceed the overall semiconductor industry in 2010, a 
testament to the validity of the programmable imperative, the insatiable need for more wired and wireless bandwidth 
driving a surge in PLD demand. 

Increasingly, newer programmable logic platforms are replacing ASIC and selective ASSP solutions, and we expect 
this trend will only accelerate with the introduction of our new 28-nanometer families. Late last month, we announced 
our 7 series FPGA families, which we believe will further change the game in our industry and open a bold new chapter 
in the history of our company. 

This portfolio of 28-nanometer products is built on the industry's lowest power, the only unified architecture, which 
scales from low cost to the ultra high end. When we collaborated with customers to define the 7 series SPGA families, 
it became abundantly clear that consumption was the key limiting factor to opening programmable logic to new 
applications and markets now serviced by ASICs, ASSPs. 

By choosing the high performance, low power process from TSMC, we're significantly lowering overall total power 
consumption. It also became very clear when talking with customers about their next generation product needs, they're 
experiencing a convergence of system level requirements across both high end and high volume SPGAs. 

To address this convergence, all of our 28-nanometer SPGAs are being built from a common set of system blocks 
allowing customers to design their systems independent of SPGA family selection. 

Consequently, our unified architecture greatly improves customer productivity because once they design their IP they 
can use and reuse it across all families. This all important focus on power, performance and productivity with our 7 
series SPGAs will strengthen our core business as well as propel us into new adjacencies. 

Our announcement last quarter of our ARM based extensible processing architecture 28-nanometer demonstrates that 
we are positioned to service a new class of designers outside of our traditional user base and spearheads our drive into a 
wide variety of embedded systems. 

By employing the familiar ARM-based software environment and fast ecosystem we can leverage open standards, 
extend the reach of embedded systems providing significant incremental growth opportunities for Xilinx. I am very 
excited about this broad portfolio of new products, look forward to updating you on the progress of our aggressive 
28-nanometer deployment quarters to come. I'm convinced that the programmable imperative is an inexorable trend 
and will accelerate with the introduction of these new 28-nanometer families from Xilinx, the leading provider of 
programmable platforms. 


Now turn the call over to Jon. 

Jon Olson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you, Moshe. Before we move on to the question-and-answer period I'd like to make a brief announcement that 
likely will be of interest to the analysts who cover Xilinx and our shareholders. After 18 years of service in the investor 
relations organization at Xilinx, Maria Quillard has decided to retire. As we're all aware, Maria has been responsible for 
building a quality team at Xilinx that has served the needs of our stakeholders with strong leadership and 
uncompromising professionalism. She truly will be missed. Moshe and I would like to thank Maria for all that she has 
done. Maria will be with us for the next couple of months and will be announcing a replacement shortly. 

Now, I'll turn the call back to the operator to begin the question-and-answer period. Operator? 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Glen Yeung with Citi. 

<Q>: Hi. This is [inaudible] for Glen Yeung. Your inventories were up 16% in the quarter but the BS DOI was 
approximately flat. How comfortable are you with the inventory levels that you have currently? 

<A - Jon Olson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: So you know, the fact that our revenue is up 
significantly and the days are flatter just merely is the calculation, but what's really happening there is that, as we've 
increased the number of wafers out of the foundries and moved it into the back end, the areas in the inventory where 
the increase really was from a quarterly basis wasn't in our dye bank or wasn't in the front end. It was really all in the 
back end. So inventory that's built up in assembly and tests, you know, just after it's been assembled into finished goods 
ready for shipment early in this particular quarter. So, you know, we're pretty comfortable with that. I don't again, you 
know, we think days are already very lean at the 80 level and as revenue goes up, inventory dollars will tend to drift up 
a little bit as well, but I wouldn't expect any significant spikes in inventory dollars in the short run. 

<Q>: Thank you. And we've heard chatter about [inaudible] for Phase IV starting up again. What do you think there? I 
know that you're expecting wireless infrastructure to continue to be a driver next quarter? 

<A - Jon Olson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yes. So the build-out, it's clear the build-out is 
starting and we did ship Virtex-6 parts into the initial builds beyond prototyping and that's really what the primary 
impact of the China business was for us this quarter. And we do expect the ramp to begin in the September quarter, and 
it should, you know, if history repeats itself, it should continue for another couple of quarters beyond that. 

<Q>: Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Uche Orji with UBS. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Can you hear me? 

<A - Jon Olson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yes, Uche, we can hear you. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Yes, thank you very much. Let me just start off by asking about the gross margins. So in terms of 
what will drive it now going forward, should we expect that to be more mix driven and as Virtex-6 ramps, what kind of 
impact would that also have on gross margins? So I'm just trying to understand whether we are done at leveraging it 
now at 65% and subsequently it's going to be about mix or are there any other factors that will drive gross margins 


going forward? 

<A - Jon Olson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, clearly mix has a lot to do with it 
typically in our business because of all the different end markets that we sell to, but I think the biggest dynamic that's 
going on is as yields improve on Virtex-6 and the costs get better for Virtex-6 and Spartan-6, that's obviously a plus 
helping us along the way, but the fact that the foundries – the supply chain is really, really tight is actually a drag for us, 
because as is typical in semiconductor industry, your prices are always going down in terms of the price curve and your 
cost curves are also going down, and the fact that the wafer foundries are not giving us the same level of price 
decreases that we have historically experienced, that ends up being a drag. 

So we've been able to – we do believe we'll be able to offset that, the fact that wafer costs aren't going down nearly as 
fast as they have in the past with other cost reduction efforts across the company and then obviously improved yields 
on Virtex-6. So I characterized last quarter that the end of this year, we should see some – there's a potential of seeing 
some uptick in gross margin. I'm less confident of that now just because of the state of the supply chain overall. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Sure. That's helpful. Now in terms of thinking about the impact of the supply chain, I know you've 
given a guidance for September. How should we and without asking you to necessarily give a full guidance for 
December, but how should we think about what the impact of the supply chain could have farther down the line say 
into the December quarter and also as V-6 ramps, will that also have an impact as to how we should think about 
December? 

So apart from military which I know tends to have an impact in the Q4 period, I'm just trying to understand whether the 
impact of supply chain could lead us to ending up with a better than seasonal December quarter and while explaining, 
that also, can you just give us more insight as to what your foundry partners are telling you about how they can 
improve the tightness they're seeing, right now? Thanks. 

<A - Jon Olson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. So I mean you're right. The seasonality 
aspect of aerospace and defense has tended to be a positive force in the December quarter, but boy, there's just way too 
much going on right now for us to give you a great forecast. I really don't think the supply chain, at least the way we 
see it today, is going to impede us from continuing growth if there's that brisk demand from our customers and this 
ramp would continue into December. 

We do have capacity reservations for increasing wafers, you know, not just in September, but also the December 
quarter. So we have the ability to get absolutely more wafers out in December than we did in September and obviously 
I just talked about having getting more out in September than we had in June. 

So we have that capacity reservation and that capability at the foundries, but I'm not going to kid you. It's tough. It's 
really hard negotiations to get what we want and, you know, there's just a lot of semiconductor companies knocking at 
the door trying to get that, and we've been treated very well by our partners. And, you know, it's working out, and I do 
want to point even though we, point out that we do have delinquencies and they increased this quarter. We really have 
been able to help meet customers' really critical needs. I don't think we've really created a really a lines down situation 
and those kinds of things that you might hear about in other situations. We've done a good job in the communications 
with our customers and in that particular situation. There's a lot of companies that are shorting them. So you know, 
we've got a pretty good reputation there. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: All right. And just one last question for Moshe. Moshe, when you were describing the dynamics 
between ASIC, ASSPs and FPGA, you mentioned power as the most important factor now or the limiting factor in 
terms of adoption of FPGA. You know, I probably was under the impression it was more economics as opposed to 
power. Can you just shed a little bit more light as to how the economics has changed say as we go to 28-nanometers 
with the ASIC. I know there is no one size fits all example, but I'm literally surprised to hear power as opposed to 
economics as well it always used to be economics over power so any sense as to how we can think about impacting the 
economics would be helpful. Thank you. 

<A - Moshe Gavrielov, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, you know, you need to address all three. You 
need to hit the right price point. You need to have the right set of features, and you need to achieve a certain power 


envelope. More and more the biggest challenge is in the power envelope because as you move forward as we have 
aggressively to new process nodes, then you can address the cost through higher density, but if the power is more 
difficult to achieve and that has become the biggest issue. Now if you think back at what happened in the processor 
space 10 years ago around the turn of the millennium there was a huge transition that happened where the processor, 
the leading processor companies moved to multi core solutions as opposed to just increasing the frequency. That was 
all driven by power and that was a precursor that then permeated the ASIC design flow starting for about five years 
ago, and we believe we are driving the leadership in the SPGA space because that has become the number one issue, 
not only in terms of the CapEx requirements that our customers have, but they're now looking more and more at OpEx. 
Products tend to have very long life cycle and huge portion of running their business is how much power they require. 

So it's becoming more and more front and central – front and center to the customers' requirements in more and more 
applications. That doesn't mean that the other two, the features and the cost of the product itself are not important, but 
the power has moved to the No. 1 element in our mind. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: All right. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Tim Luke with Barclays Capital. 

<Q - Aniel Mahtani>: Guys, this is Aniel Mahtani for Tim Luke. Could you please provide some color on how you 
view R&D trending over the course of the year as you ramp up new programs? 

<A - Jon Olson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yes. So R&D spending has a little bit of a, 
you know, upward bias to the second half of our year primarily due to the beginning of 28-nanometer tape-outs and 
those kinds of things. We're really experiencing one of the lower tape-out extending years overall and it starts to 
increase a little bit in the second half. 

If I can kind of step it up one level higher, just talk about OpEx in total in terms of our expectations. We've guided to 
185 million for next quarter, and I think even though there will be a little bit of up and down in the second half of our 
fiscal year I think somewhere in the mid-180s is the right level to plan on a quarterly basis for OpEx. 

Now if revenue significantly increases further, there will be additional variable expenses for selling expenses and 
compensation-related expenses associated with our incentive programs for employees since that's driven by operating 
margin, percentage and expansion of the top line will yield expansion of the bottom line and therefore, that will cost us 
more expenses there. 

<Q - Aniel Mahtani>: Great. And for my follow-up, as you ramp up 40, 45-nanometer products, do they open up any 
particular new segments or new product areas for you that you're selling into? 

<A - Moshe Gavrielov, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, 40 and 45 definitely deepen and broaden the 
markets which we service and in particular, if you look at 40, it enables us to put yet another nail in the coffin of ASICs 
for everything except high volume applications, but it's really the low – the higher volume markets which are the 
expansion markets for us and that's the Spartan-6 product offering and that's really seeing broad acceptance in all of our 
traditional markets including ones that you would assume are more Virtex oriented. So for example communications 
and the higher volume military ones is a tremendous opportunity for Spartan-6 and the higher volume more cost 
sensitive applications and then everything else just continues to open up at that market. And so even though as a 
percentage of the overall SPGA space today, it's still a smaller percentage. It's the fastest growing part of the market 
and that's why we're delighted to have the only leadership product in that market [inaudible] with the broad offering. 
And that will facilitate growth, and we're already benefiting from that and the numbers in last quarter already had a 
significant portion of Spartan-6 revenue in addition to the Virtex-6 revenue. 

<Q - Aniel Mahtani>: Great. Thank you. 


Operator 

Your next question comes from Chris Danely with J.P. Morgan. 

<Q - Chris Danely>: Yeah. Thanks, guys. Can you just maybe go over the sort of the outsourcing strategy going 
forward since there are some changes and also, Jon, you remarked that I guess the wafer pricing is changing or, you 
know, that sort of the price concessions you've had in the past are not happening in the second half of the year. Is that a 
new thing? Has that never happened before? Is that unique to this cycle? 

<A - Jon Olson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, Chris. So I mean I'm not exactly sure 
what you mean by the additional outsourcing. You know, we're certainly existing foundries, you know, we're working 
with all of them to try to get more capacity. The back end is pretty much set with the same guys who haven't changed 
anything there and obviously, it's the next generation 28-nanometer, you know, we've talked about going to Samsung as 
the lead – excuse me, TSMC as the lead foundry, you know, for that. 

So there really isn't anything changing relative to what products we're building where. You know, we're primarily 
getting – we are getting Virtex-5 parts from Samsung – excuse me, from Toshiba and UMC as the two foundries. So 
there really isn't anything changing in the outsourcing strategy per se other than everybody's [inaudible] and we're 
really negotiating with everybody as best as we can. 

On the wafer pricing issue it has happened in the past I would say for short periods of time because the cycles of the 
past have been have tended to been, to be relatively short meaning a couple of quarters in my experience where things 
have gotten tight and the foundries have said, oh, I don't think I can – I need some help here, I've got to invest capital. I 
can't lower the wafer pricing etcetera. In this particular situation I think we've gone through an extended period now of 
what we can see is at least three quarters of that kind of a situation going on. And it is starting to impact our cost 
roadmap estimates along the way. So it's not something that's going cause us to have a huge downward impact, as best 
as I can tell on our gross margin, but it is preventing us from expansion there. Now my expectations are when the 
capacity isn't quite as tight, you know, then life changes again. 

<Q - Chris Danely>: Got it. And then just as a follow-up, did your lead times or delinquencies multiply or extend 
further during the June quarter, and do you expect them to stabilize this quarter or could we see the lead times extend 
again? 

<A - Jon Olson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: So lead times have gotten a little bit longer. 
We talked about the average for us is 10 to 12 weeks last quarter, and they're about the same – excuse me, in the March 
quarter and they're about the same, just a little bit longer in the June quarter. From a delinquency perspective we left 
last quarter the March quarter, we had about 2% of revenue. That level of delinquency that we said we could have 
shipped if we would have had all the product in it essentially doubled from 2% to 4% in this last quarter. 

So we could have shipped an additional, you know, 20, mid-$20 million kind of a additional revenue, if we would have 
had the supply. We think we can hold at that level through the September quarter and not expand that number, you 
know, and I think that will be a good thing and I want to point out just one more time. We don't have a situation where 
customers are so angry with us they're shopping around for other alternatives, et cetera. We've actually done a very nice 
job of hitting critical needs of those customers. 

<Q - Chris Danely>: Great. Thanks and congratulations to Maria. I'm jealous. I wish I could retire too. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Mahesh Sanganeria with RBC Capital Markets. 

<Q - Mahesh Sanganeria>: Thanks, just following up on that delinquencies, the total [inaudible] the September 
quarter it will be 10% so close to 60 million. Do you expect that you'll get that back for when the capacity becomes 
abandoned? 


<A - Jon Olson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: So Mahesh let me correct your statement 
there. No, it's not cumulative. The delinquency, the 2% that we had at the end of March we essentially shipped all those 
delinquencies in the next month, but then throughout the quarter we were still delinquent to what customers needed and 
the number is approximately 4% of our revenue that we could have shipped. So that amount of money again is in the 
mid-$20 million. As capacity increases and as long as demand is running – increasing at the same rate as the capacity is 
increasing, we won't be able to improve that. If those dynamics change, then yes, we'll be able to ship all that revenue. 

<Q - Mahesh Sanganeria>: And in terms of the foundries, you said you have increasing wafer start, does that continue 
through Q4? I'm assuming that you are able to grow revenues 5% in the September quarter because that's the capacity 
available. Can you give us an idea is the level of wafer start increase you're getting from TSMC or from UMC for 
December quarter is in the similar increase? 

<A - Jon Olson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: So for Virtex-5 and Virtex-4 Toshiba and 
UMC are our foundries together, and I think it's a reasonable conclusion to say the level of that total network of those 
two are going up when they go up at the same rate as our revenue is going up, it's reasonable to say that's the 
approximate wafer out increase. 

<Q - Mahesh Sanganeria>: Okay. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from James Schneider with Goldman Sachs 

<Q - James Schneider>: Good afternoon. Congratulations on strong results and congratulations to Maria as well. I 
guess to start off with, on the communications side you talked about wireline and wireless strength, I guess wireless in 
particular. That's been strong for a while now and I guess one of the questions in everybody's mind is how sustainable 
is that even with some of the secular factors you mentioned to going in your favor? What are customers telling you 
about and whether that's likely to continue into the December quarter or the March quarter after that? 

<A - Jon Olson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, Jim. We clearly have had quite a run 
here in the wireless segment and we do – we are bullish on that over the long haul because of all the various, you know, 
dynamics that we've talked about in the past, you know, China, the 4G LTE and other expansions in the U.S. and in 
India following that. So you know, this quarter, the September quarter, the China business was actually relatively flat 
on a dollar basis, dollar basis for us, and the big uptick was in our LTE and shipping into the Verizon business and then 
the expansion of both backhaul and base stations for the AT&T expansion as well. 

So we've got a significant upsides from both of those while China was relatively flat. In the September quarter wireless 
is strong because of both China increasing and the Verizon and AT&T contracts being shipped into – as backhaul. So 
that's a very, very strong sign for us. Beyond that it's less clear what's going to happen. We do think China is probably 
going to continue based on historic preferences but – historic trends, but the rest of the world, India will start, you 
know, having something going on, but that's probably still a few more quarters out, and we don't have very good 
visibility in December on the Verizon and AT&T activity. 

So again I think the numbers will stay, you know, pretty strong on wireless for us, but there could be some volatility 
coming forward. Hard to tell right now. 

<Q - James Schneider>: Okay. Thanks. That's helpful. And then I think one area you didn't mention and maybe I 
missed it in this quarter or for the guidance was networking, and I was wondering if you could give some color on what 
that did and you expect going forward? 

<A - Jon Olson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. We didn't say anything about – we said 
the strongest growth in communications was going to be wireless, but wireline, specifically networking, we did expect 

– do expect that to increase quarter-on-quarter. The other side of wireline, that's a little less clear to us right now and 
that's the part that we're, you know, that we're not sure of. So we didn't really – didn't mention it. So we do think 

wireline is going to tick up some for us and it will not be on the basis of networking. 

<Q - James Schneider>: Great. Thanks very much. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from David Wong with Wells Fargo. 

<Q - David Wong>: Hi. Do you have any thoughts about efforts to create product like Altera's HardCopy that allows 
you to provide your customers with cost reduction efforts through a hard wired product? 

<A - Moshe Gavrielov, President and Chief Executive Officer>: We have a very successful product that addresses 
those markets. The approach is different than the one selected by the competition, but it provides the customers with a 
very applicable solution which can be deployed very easily and minimizes their engineering investment. So we're 
pleased with that solution. It's part and parcel of our strategy going forward and it's available for all of our high end 
product offerings as a cost reduction part for the higher volume applications. 

<Q - David Wong>: Right. What's the name of this product? 

<A - Moshe Gavrielov, President and Chief Executive Officer>: It's the EasyPath product line. 

<Q - David Wong>: Great. Yeah. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Ruben Roy, Pacific Crest Securities. 

<Q - Ruben Roy>: Thanks. Jon, I might have missed your explanation of some of the operating margin dynamics as 
you look forward, but I think if I remember correctly that the operating margin target longer-term has been 31 to 34 and 
with hitting 35 here, obviously, you have some spending coming up around 28-nanometer, et cetera, but how are you 
thinking about your longer-term operating margins now that you've kind of eclipsed that high end of your previous 
target range? 

<A - Jon Olson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, it's hard to keep up with how good our 
business is, isn't it? So, yeah. Well, we're admiring the 35% and liking it and know that it's above our target and as you 
did point out, we are in a lull between, you know, math can wait for tape-out kinds of spending to some degree and that 
starts to ramp up and that will drive some differences there, but we're clearly looking at controlling spending. In fact, 
we just had our kind of an update to our annual budget process and the – what I call the – the direct spending, the 
non-variable things that we're obviously focused on, R&D sales, marketing, et cetera. 

We're pretty much dead on our plan. We're not expanding our spending levels beyond that and with the spending 
increases you are seeing are just because of the variable issues because of revenue and profits increasing. So we're very, 
very determined to stay on that plan and that path and because we are enjoying such a strong revenue uptick right now, 
it is allowing us to operate higher than our model. 

I'm really not ready to commit to expanding our model, but we're not trying to hold ourselves back either from letting it 
go higher. So we are thinking about tough spending controls, continue to look for cost reduction efforts across the 
company and keep that discipline and if we get even more good news out of the revenue line then it's going to fall 
through. 

<Q - Ruben Roy>: Okay. And then, around the communications business, when you think about your China sales into 
domestic China carriers, do you think that business for this fiscal year, June through March, is going to be higher than 
fiscal '10? 


<A - Jon Olson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Our current belief is because our penetration is 
higher that this – our fiscal year '11 will be higher than our fiscal year '10 in terms of spending in China. Now, I know 
we've all heard about pressures on CapEx and things like that there. So there is maybe a little less confidence in the – if 
you go back, go out and talk to the Chinese manufacturers, but relative to their forecast to us in terms of the number of 
base stations they're talking about, that would work out to a larger number for 3G in fiscal year '11 than fiscal year '10. 

<Q - Ruben Roy>: Great, thanks. And finally, Jon, can you give us a rough idea of Spartan-6 plus Virtex-6 as a 
percentage of your revenues exiting June? 

<A - Jon Olson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: We're not providing that number. We said it's 
up substantially. We're into double digit revenues for those two and we're still believe that we'll ship well in excess of 
$100 million in this fiscal year. 

<Q - Ruben Roy>: Great. Thanks very much. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Ian Ing with Gleacher & Company. 

<Q - Ian Ing>: Yes, thank you. I'm trying to reconcile the supply complaints with why industrial is still strong and then 
expected to decline. You would think the industrial customers served by [inaudible] would be the first to be 
undersupplied, so are there other end markets that are getting undersupplied? I mean, what are your thoughts on where 
the under-shipment's occurring? 

<A - Jon Olson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: I'd say most of the under-shipments are in the 
communications side of our business with some in aerospace and defense but mostly in the communications side and 
the reason there is that the upside kind of numbers that are being driven for us are more challenged out of the large 
customers, which tend to be communications customers for us and then some aerospace and defense customers. 

Many of the aerospace and defense customers are on, I would say, a slightly older technology and they've been doing a 
better job of forecasting and therefore, we've been able to prepare better for that. The downward tick that we have 
going on in industrial and other's really more because of defense. 

There were a number of I'd say last time buys of older parts for older contracts that kind of hit us, the timing hit us this 
past quarter versus the September quarter. And so we don't – those aren't going to repeat themselves and that's really 
what's driving that segment down. We do think industrial, scientific and medical will continue to be a growth sector for 
us. 

There's lots of new medical applications going on. Surveillance was strong this last quarter and that's going to continue, 
and then test and measurement, the semiconductor industry is buying more test equipment these days. So that's driving 
a need for SPGAs and we expect that to continue as a long-term trend here for the next few quarters. 

<Q - Ian Ing>: Okay. As a follow-up, for your interest expense, how much of that is accounting for convertible debt, 
the non-cash interest portion and how much of an impact is that to GAAP EPS and aren't you unfairly penalizing 
GAAP EPS in creating an unfair comp versus competitors? 

<A - Jon Olson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, there is an impact for that and you're 
right, the recent – because of the accounting treatment, the shorter the duration of your note, the more of that that goes 
on in terms of the bigger dollar amount that this is related that ends up in your equity area, et cetera. But from an 
interest expense area, it's approximately in the neighborhood of 3 to $4 million a quarter of interest expense that's part 
of this non-cash number. 

<Q - Ian Ing>: I see. 


<A - Jon Olson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: And yes, that does, that is a comparison drag. 
ROE is a comparison drag as well because of the accounting rules and the converts that say you have to classify some 
of this as equity and then you amortize it back to debt over the life of the note and that makes our equity number go up 
artificially for a while, artificially meaning from the accounting rules. I mean obviously, it's GAAP. So those are some 
of the dynamics that make the comparatives a little more difficult there. 

<Q - Ian Ing>: Okay. Yet we should continue with GAAP estimates, then? 

<A - Jon Olson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yes. 

<Q - Ian Ing>: Okay. And congrats, Maria on your retirement, enjoy your golf game. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Hans Mosesmann with Raymond James. 

<Q - Hans Mosesmann>: Yes, thank you. The constraints that you're having, is it by process node? Can you define a 
little bit better or was it broad based? Your competitor said yesterday they were not seeing a process-node related 
dynamic there, so I'm just wondering what you guys are seeing? 

<A - Jon Olson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. It's clearly, the biggest one is 
65-nanometer and then the second largest one is 90, but I would characterize it as well over 50%, probably more like 
75% is in the 65 area and then maybe 20% or so in the 90-nanometer. And there is some fudgeability that goes on here. 
So I'm characterizing it that way and we can kind of move some things around between nodes a little bit. But – so you 
can also look at it and say everything's kind of short, but quite frankly, it is the more advanced nodes, meaning that 
volume is being shipped on, which is namely 65 and 90. 

<Q - Hans Mosesmann>: A couple of follow-ups. Last quarter, you indicated some customers were adding buffer 
inventory. Is that still happening? Is it happening at the same rate, a lesser rate? Commentary there would be helpful. 

<A - Jon Olson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. So we're not seeing anybody add 
increasing amounts of buffer at this time. It's pretty stable to the handful of customers that have been doing it in the 
past. We have some amount of our inventory that's in a – in hubs that people draw things out, and they're not drawing 
them out just to have them sit in their warehouse. They're drawing them out in order to build products. So now whether 
the end product is sitting in warehouses and not sold through, I guess I, we don't have perfect visibility on that, but we 
really aren't seeing an increase by large customers or the sub-cons that are building for them that are just pulling parts 
out and holding onto them. They are building. 

<Q - Hans Mosesmann>: Okay. Thank you, and the last one. The issue here with the Street regarding you and your 
competition is that you seem to be outgrowing your customers handily over the past several quarters. How much of this 
is because of market share gains or at the expense of ASSPs or ASICs? Just a little definition there, that would be 
helpful. And that's it, thanks. 

<A - Jon Olson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: It is also very difficult to be precise about this 
because we do have lots and lots of customers buying in at all kinds of different levels, but particularly in 
communications, I will draw you to the fact that these large customers that we're selling to, if you look inside the 
segments that they're doing well on, that's where we're shipping the most. 

So base stations, backhaul, that part of their business I believe they've been telling you is growing faster than their 
average and our penetration is also increasing in those specific areas. So we're getting an impact of sub-segments of 
their business doing very, very well and our penetration going up. In addition to that, we are seeing more and more 
improvement in terms of design wins against ASICs and ASSPs we haven't been able to bid on in the past. 

At the Analyst Day, we showed you this list of one quarter's worth of design wins. It was somewhere under 100 like at 
87 or 90 or something in that range. That was through the December quarter. In the March quarter, that number – the 


number of new design wins that we penetrated ASSPs and ASICs that the PLDs hadn't been in the past went up 50% 
from that number and then again in this last quarter that we just announced, it went up well over 50% again. 

So we are seeing up and to the right penetration here. Now all those haven't turned into revenue yet. Probably very few 
of them have turned into revenue. So – but we are – these are definitely demonstrative signs of what Moshe has been 
talking about relative to the 65-nanometer and 40, 45 nanometer product families are at the right cost, power, density 
points that are proving our point that we are making headway. 

<Q - Hans Mosesmann>: Great. Thank you. We'll miss you, Maria. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from John Pitzer with Credit Suisse. 

<Q>: This is [inaudible] for John. Just wondered if you could update us on when you expect customer sampling and 
also the revenue ramp of 28-nanometer parts. 

<A - Jon Olson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. Go ahead. Want me to? Yeah, we're 
going to be shipping customer samples in the first quarter of calendar 2011 and production will follow approximately a 
year later plus or minus. 

<Q>: Okay. Cool. And you talked a lot about the power advantages of moving to 28 nanometers from 40, 45 
nanometers, how it was significantly better and would help you address a lot many more markets than you address 
currently. Just wondering, do you think this could also result in better pricing and support, kind of like a gross margin 
expansion? 

<A - Moshe Gavrielov, President and Chief Executive Officer>: No. It enables us to address more applications and 
to – more markets and to broaden our penetration. I don't think you can correlate that into more profitable business. It 
just grows the envelope of business we can address significantly, and it's becoming more and more important in more 
and more applications. Clearly in consumer battery-operated ones it's self-evident, but this goes well beyond that into 
tethered applications and even into infrastructure, where it is becoming a big deal. And so, I think the major benefit is 
growing the market we can address significantly rather than making us more profitable. 

<A - Jon Olson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. Let me just add to that. The lower 
power doesn't mean it's lower than ASICs or ASSPs. It means it's lower and therefore we get much closer to where they 
are and [inaudible] which means that we get the right to bid on the sockets and potentially win them. 

<Q>: Got it, but do you think you could, sorry. 

<A - Jon Olson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: No. I was just going to say, it's not necessarily 
a value driven thing that a customer will say oh, I'll pay more for it because they're just saying oh, gosh I can use your 
solution and get the customization, and they may pay us more because of the programmability, but that would be in our 
normal margin framework that we have. 

<Q>: Okay, got it. And lastly, if I may, any color on what percent of revenues like 40, 45-nanometers and 
65-nanometers represents right now? 

<A - Jon Olson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: So we're not providing any very point 
numbers on 40, 45-nanometer. It did grow substantially this quarter, and it was in the double-digit range. It was clearly 
in double-digits this quarter, and we still expect to ship well over $100 million of 40, 45-nanometer throughout the 
fiscal – by the end of the fiscal year cumulative. 

<Q>: Cool. Thank you. 


Operator 

Your next question comes from Shawn Webster with Macquarie. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Yeah, thank you. In terms of the delinquencies you said it was 2% in March and then it grew 
to 4% in the June quarter. Looking back in your history, can you guys recall when it was last at that level? 

<A - Jon Olson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, when we were coming out of the hard 
shutdown of the foundries, we had I would say somewhere in the probably 2 or 3% for a quarter or whatever, but, you 
know, if I think back at least in my time here I don't recall it ever being quite as high as 4% of revenue. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Is it trending higher as we go into July or is it mostly stable at this point? 

<A - Jon Olson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: We think it's going to be pretty stable because 
again, you know, we've got growth coming out of our foundries in terms of wafers out, and I don't think it's going to 
necessarily spike in any month. And I think we can keep it stable throughout the quarter. And again, someone – we're 
late shipping to somebody. We ship to them three or four weeks late or two weeks late, you know, but then other 
companies increase their orders that we can't fulfill. So then that delinquencies kind of mount a little bit, but it's 
typically different customers and different devices that are delinquent at the end of one quarter versus the end of the 
next quarter. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Okay. And then on the ASIC displacement theme, for those of us who are trying to kind of 
scope it and figure out what's happening versus end market growth versus supply chain, replenishment, et cetera, you 
talked about it was in the high 80s, whatever, at your analyst day, grew 50% in March and then it was up over 50% in 
Q2. So let's say that the number, the incremental increase in the June quarter was let's say 75 to 100 new design wins 
that were ASIC displacements, how many design wins does that represent as a percentage of the total design wins you 
got during the June quarter? 

<A - Jon Olson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: I don't have that number. 

<A - Moshe Gavrielov, President and Chief Executive Officer>: It's tough to answer that number because, you 
know, so many of the design wins are smaller ones which happen through the channel. These are all the ones that 
attract by our direct sales force and are significant. So it's very difficult to quantify where they are. I think the value is 
in the relative number. You know, it is now twice what it was six months ago when you compare apples to apples, and 
it will absolutely generate tremendous growth in the future as, you know, ASICs & ASSPs shrink into very high 
volume applications and more and more applications are serviced by SPGAs. 

That is why we're so intent on driving the technology forward because we can afford to do that and give our customers 
very competitive products leading edge nodes and now the gap between the FPGA nodes to the mainstream of the 
ASIC market where most of the revenue is, is over three generations of technology. I mean they're sort of still at the 90 
to 130 and we're going to be providing them 28-nanometer solutions a year from now. Right, that's going to be – that 
will enable us to address a lot of markets. Hence you see the number of design wins grow. But it's difficult to sort of 
compare it, plus these tend to be higher revenue design wins, hence they have a bigger weight. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Got you. And then maybe one more quick one. Jon, do you have an update on what you expect 
your CapEx to be this year? 

<A - Jon Olson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: I still think we're going to be in the 50 million 
range, plus or minus. We had quite a bit of CapEx in the front end of this year because of some new tests, test 
equipment relative to new generations coming at us, that actually cost reduced tests over time for us as we moved to 
cheaper testers as well. So there was quite a bit of capital built up. Also there was some pop in our IT spending because 
we've been really tight in terms of infrastructure in the IT area. So we spent a little more in the front end of this year. So 
even though it was 18 million this quarter, we still think we'll be in the 50-ish – 50 to 60 range – 50 to $60 million 
range for the year cumulative. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Great. Thank you very much. 


Operator 

Your next question comes from Apurva Patel with Ticonderoga. 

<Q - Apurva Patel>: Thanks. Given the supply constraints, I would love to see you comment, are you seeing any 
customer that maybe going to – moving toward your competitor? 

<A - Jon Olson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: No. We're not and that's why I was 
emphasizing that we think we've been able to meet all the customers' critical needs. In fact, we continued to get, you 
know, quality which with quality includes delivery scores, very high scores from our customers because even though 
we were kind of early with the delinquencies relative to the other semiconductor companies and their other suppliers. 
We've turned out to be the bright spot in that we are – in most cases we may not even be on the list that they're worried 
about, quite frankly. So we are very confident that we're not losing business because of the supply situation. 

<Q - Apurva Patel>: Thank you. One more. Maybe for Moshe. Moshe, you talked about 28 nanometers and you give 
a lot of details about what are the characteristics that's going to differentiate this platform versus other platforms. But 
talking to your large customers when you're finalizing the architecture, is there something that characteristic or 
architecture or function that you're seeing from a customer that needs to be added or does the architecture seem to be 
intact? 

<A - Moshe Gavrielov, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, you know, we cover, the 28-nanometer 
solution is a very, very broad solution and it's incredibly scalable. So it stresses a lot of markets. If you look at each of 
those markets and with broad brush strokes, then at the high end they're looking for capacity and that's where having by 
far the largest SPGA solution enables us to address markets that in the past could only be addressed by the more 
complex ASICs of this, you know, really enables us to address that market with the two million logic sales that you can 
hit nearly all of the ASIC market and there's very little in terms of capacity that we can't hit there. 

Then, you know, the next issue becomes now you have the capacity to do that. Can you do this without the device 
becoming a frying pan? And that's why the power is so important. So, you know, those are – that's at the high end, this 
sort of the thought that power is only important at the low end. That's categorically not true. It's actually essential at the 
high end. That's an example of markets that we can address that we have not been able to address before. Now as you 
move across the product offering, then you can see other markets where it becomes a lot more attractive and when you 
move to the high volume side of the market just achieving or enabling the level of performance at the cost point, which 
is very critical at the low end. That sort of expands and will enable us to address a whole new host of applications. 

And one market we've seen this is in the communications space as we can now enable our infrastructure customers to 
address the whole breadth of their product line with the solution and hence, the scalability is very important. So you 
know, we're incredibly excited about this new product and we see tremendous benefits there and, you know, this will 
enable us to expand the market and, you know, hence, we're very confident in the growing the market to at least XX 
what it has been and we've put a stake in the ground. We expect this to be at it least a $6 billion market by 2015, if 
anything. It looks like it's happening faster than it has before, and it could be that that's the conservative estimate. 

<Q - Apurva Patel>: Thank you, Moshe. 

<A - Jon Olson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Last question, please. 

Operator 

Your final question comes from Ryan Goodman with CLSA. 

<Q - Ryan Goodman>: Hi, thanks. This is Ryan Goodman. I'm calling for Srini Pajjuri. Could you talk really quick 
about what happens to POD content when India and U.S. start growing a bit more on the comm side and China slows 
down? 


<A - Jon Olson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, because the selection in India – the 
selection of the providers, the OEMs, you know, going to the providers haven't been selected, it's hard to talk about 
what content change is going to be. I would assume that when India goes to 3G, it will be at the same relative level of 
content that we have today and depending on which manufacturer wins, what percentage of the business. It could have 
some impact on it, but I wouldn't expect it to be substantially different for us as India grows and other technology – 
other countries decline either in 3G or 4G generation. 

<Q - Ryan Goodman>: Okay. And then maybe just in the same scenario can you talk – just how you expect the 
market share to play out. Do you think you're positioned any differently as we go into those markets? 

<A - Jon Olson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Again it would depend on which 
manufacturers win. I mean, so we have our customers where we have, you know, stronger market share than our 
competitor and vice versa. So it depends and since we don't know who the winners are, I can't really comment on 
whether it's plus or minus for us. 

<Q - Ryan Goodman>: Okay, fair enough. Thank you. 

Maria Quillard, Investor Relations 

Okay. Well, thank you all for joining us today. We have a play back of this call beginning at 5 PM Pacific, 8 PM 
Eastern. For a copy of our earnings release, please visit our IR website. Our next earnings release date for the second 
quarter of fiscal 2011 will be Wednesday, October 20, after the market close. This quarter, we'll be presenting at the 
Citi Technology Conference in New York. And thank you very much for your participation. This completes our call. 

Operator 

And this does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2010, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


