Q3 2008 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Bret W. Wise, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President 
• William R. Jellison, Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President 
Other Participants 

• Eric Lo 
• Christopher Clark 
• Jon Wood 
• Derek Leckow 
• David Veal 
• Jeffrey Johnson 
• Greg Halter 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day and welcome to the DENTSPLY International's 2008 Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Today's 
conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Bret Wise, the Chairman, 
Chief Executive Officer and President. Please go ahead, sir. 

Bret W. Wise, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President 

All right. Thank you and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on our third quarter conference call. This is 
Bret Wise, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and also with us today are Chris Clark, our Executive Vice President 
and Chief Operating Officer, and Bill Jellison, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. 

I'd like to begin today's call with some overview comments regarding our results for the quarter and then Bill Jellison 
will provide you with some more detailed insights on the financial results. And then following our formal remarks, the 
three of us will be pleased to answer any questions that you may have. 

Before we get started, it's important to note that this conference call may include forward-looking statements involving 
risks and uncertainties. These should be considered in conjunction with the risk factors and uncertainties described in 
the Company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K, our periodic reports on Form 10-Q, our press releases and our 
conference call transcripts, all of which have been filed with the SEC. This conference call in its entirety will be part of 
an 8-K filing that will be available on our website later this week. 

Last night, we were very pleased to announce record results for our third quarter with sales increasing almost 10% and 
earnings increasing double digits. Given the instability in the world financial markets this quarter and the fact that we 
now know that many of the economic markets we participate in probably contracted in Q2 and perhaps again in Q3. 
We believe these results are strong indicators of the sustainability of our business model. 

For the third quarter our sales rose 8.6% to 530 million and gained 9.6% excluding precious metals to 488 million. This 
sales growth reflects both a very broad dental consumable mix, but also a balanced global portfolio both of which we 


view as key strengths of our Company. 

Internal growth for the quarter XPM was 5.4%, while acquisition has added 1% and currency added 3.2%. So on a 
constant currency basis our growth was about 6.4, 6.5%. On a regional basis the US internal growth improved to 4.1%, 
while Europe continued to have strong internal growth of 6.8 albeit slower than we had seen earlier this year and the 
rest of world internal growth was 5.7 led by continued strong performance in Asia and Australia. 

Growth in the US was very balanced with mid-single digit growth in each of our chair-side consumables, specialty 
products, and lab product categories with negative growth in our non-dental business. As discussed in our second 
quarter call, we did implement price increases in our chair-side consumable lines; these are the lines that sell through 
distributors as planned on October 1. These increases were slightly higher than historical levels and we did see 
increased demand by many of our dealers to buy ahead of these increases. Accordingly, in those categories we believe 
we had increased sales in the third quarter that will likely come out of the fourth quarter sales. 

Overall, we saw strong growth in our global implant business, which had internal growth in the low-double digits. Or 
our orthodontic business continued a very strong string of results and had high-single digit internal growth and we also 
saw some improvement in our global chair-side consumable lines. 

Speaking of market trends, I think it's fair to say we've seen early signs of some market slowing in Europe; probably 
similar to the market reaction we saw in the US earlier in the year but less severe at this point. In the US, it's clear that 
high-end discretionary procedures have slowed. In our view that will continue to lag for the next several quarters. We 
believe that office visits have probably slowed somewhat in the US in addition to some downgrading of procedures to 
lower cost alternatives. 

For us, I think this means a couple of things. First we would expect the near-term growth trends for the industry to slow 
a point or two off the historical 4 to 5% global benchmark that we have at least for the next couple of quarters. I think 
we're probably seeing that now; however it's important to note that we expect the market to continue to grow 
throughout the economic cycle, just a bit slower than we have seen for the last couple of years. 

Second, we would expect a slowing in the growth of specialty procedures to continue, however in our own case we 
expect that we can continue to take some share which should mitigate that to some extent. Of course we've taken these 
matters into account in our forecasting and it's reflected in the outlook statements that we'll make today. 

Earnings for the quarter were very strong at $0.44 on a GAAP basis. This quarter there are a number of moving parts in 
the income statement which Bill will cover in detail. However, removing the restructuring and other charges and the 
favorable tax adjustments, our non-GAAP earnings came in at $0.46 a share, which is an 18% improvement over the 
third quarter last year. 

We had very strong margin growth at both the gross margin and operating line. Operating margins on a non-GAAP 
basis improved 80 basis points for the quarter and 70 basis points year-to-date. I think it's fair to say we're managing 
the business conservatively given the unknown circumstances in the global economy resulting in strong operating 
leverage through our income statement. 

From a capital perspective, late in the quarter we are pleased to announce that our Board had approved an 11% increase 
in our annual dividend. This reflects both the strong operating performance we've had plus continued confidence in the 
business. Also late in the quarter, we did suspend temporarily our share buyback program to avoid – really to avoid 
putting further stress on our banks. 

Today, we have approximately 600 million in immediate liquidity including cash balances and available credit lines. So 
we think we have ample liquidity which should allow us to take advantage of any situations that arise. We continue to 
have about 3 million shares available under our authorization and we expect to reinstate – reinstitute that program when 
the financial markets become more stable. 

We're very pleased with our performance through 2008 to-date, we've recorded internal growth of 5.7, total growth of 

14.7 and earnings per share on non-GAAP basis were up 18.2 to $1.43 per share despite some pretty difficult economic 
circumstances. 

Looking forward, our current forecast for internal growth for the full year is now 5 to 5.5%. This guidance reflects the 
matters we've covered today including the price increase pre-buy activity, which probably moved some sales from Q4 
to Q3 particularly in the US and Europe. 

In addition, late in the third quarter our contract manufacturer for our injectable anesthetic for the US market only, 
informed us of a plant outage that has extended into the fourth quarter. At this point it's not certain that we'll have 
product necessary to meet demand in the fourth quarter which may reduce our total internal growth rate in the quarter 
by as much as three quarters of a percentage point. 

We believe this is a temporary situation and would expect to be back in full supply either late in the quarter or by 
year-end. However, it's likely to suppress our internal growth rate in Q4, again especially in the US. 

So all told, we believe the growth in the global dental industry is developing, probably about as we would expect it to 
in an economic slowdown as we've seen. It's highly resistant in many ways, but not completely immune. 

With lower consumer spending in the next couple of quarters, we would expect the growth in the dental demand would 
slow, but remain positive. In addition, rapid swings in international currency markets will continue to have an impact 
on our results. Our earnings performance thus far this year has been quite strong; our outlook continues to be favorable. 

Accordingly, we're reconfirming our full-year earnings guidance of a $1.86 to $1.91 per diluted share. We started the 
year with guidance of a $1.83 to $1.88 and are pleased to now be looking towards the upper end of that range or 
perhaps even higher. Just as a reminder, our guidance is on a non-GAAP basis so it excludes restructuring, tax 
adjustments and gains we expect to recognize this year on the adoption of FAS 157, which we did recognize in fact in 
the second quarter. 

We're currently in our planning cycle for 2009 and as we've done in the past we'll announce our earnings guidance for 
next year on our year-end call which is in early February. 

So at this time I would like to turn the call over to Bill, who will provide you with some additional insights on our 
reported results and then of course the three of us will be glad to answer any questions you may have. Bill? 

William R. Jellison, Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President 

Good morning everyone. Net sales for the quarter of 2008 increased by 8.6% in total and increased by 9.6% excluding 
precious metals. The sales increase ex-precious metals for the quarter included a 5.4% increase from internal growth, 
1% from acquisitions and a 3.2% increase from foreign exchange translation. Our year-to-date increase in sales 
ex-precious metals is 14.7% and includes internal growth of 5.7%, acquisition growth of 2.4%, an increase from 
foreign exchange translation of 6.6%. The year-to-date geographic mix of sales ex-precious metals in 2008 included the 
US at 39%, Europe represented 41% and the rest of the world was 20%. 

The US dollar while recently strengthening was still weaker in the third quarter compared to last year; this continued to 
benefit sales growth and also slightly benefited earnings in the period. Net purchase price variances caused by the weak 
dollar and higher interest expenses from our net investment hedges are once again offsetting most of the favorable 
foreign exchange translation benefits on income in the period. 

Gross margins as a percent of sales ex-precious metals in the third quarter were 57.4%, an improvement of 60 basis 
points over the third quarter of 2007. Margin rates compared to last year's third quarter were positively impacted in the 
quarter compared to the same period last year due to a positive product line mix as we benefited from strong implant 
and restorative product growth and improving efficiencies offset somewhat by negative purchase price variances 
caused by a weaker dollar in the third quarter. 

SG&A expenses were $180.7 million or 37% of sales ex-precious metals in the third quarter of 2008 versus 37.2% in 
last year's third quarter. SG&A expenses as a percent of sales were slightly lower in the period as we were able to better 
leverage expenses with the strong sales growth in the period. While additional recent investments have been made in 


SG&A to continue to drive future sales growth, we remain vigilant in controlling our expenses especially during more 
volatile economic periods. 

During the third quarter of 2008 we also incurred $18.5 million of restructuring and other costs primarily associated 
with litigation costs including the settlement of two suits related to our anti-trust litigation on our tooth distribution. 

Operational margins for the quarter were 15.3% compared to 16.9% in the third quarter of last year. Operating margins 
based on sales excluding precious metals were 16.6% compared to 18.5% last year in the same period. But on a 
non-GAAP basis excluding restructurings and other costs in both periods operating margins based on sales excluding 
precious metals for comparative purposes were 20.4% in the third quarter of 2008 and 19.6% in 2007, an 80 basis point 
improvement. 

DENTSPLY's operating margins benefited from a positive product line mix and also benefited from the lower rate of 
SG&A expenses. 

Net interest and other expense in the third quarter of 2008 was $5.7 million compared to an expense of $0.7 million in 
the third quarter last year. Higher net interest expense had the largest impact; however we also had a loss on exchange 
in the period as well. The sharp divergence of lower US dollar interest rates versus relatively higher euro and Swiss 
franc rates, combined with the weaker US dollar were once again the primary causes of this change. The impact of the 
Company's net investment hedges typically moved in the opposite direction of currency moves reducing some of the 
volatility caused by movement in exchange rates on the Company's income and equity. Net interest expense is expected 
to continue to run higher in the fourth quarter, but would be reduced in the future if the GAAP between European and 
US rates narrowed. 

Recently foreign exchange rates have been very volatile; the dollar has strengthened, the yen has strengthened further 
and most other currencies including the euro and Swiss rates have weakened some quite significantly. Based on these 
rapid movements and the fact that US and European interest rates have not yet narrowed, we could be faced with a 
negative exchange rate impact of as much as two to $0.03 per share in the fourth quarter. 

The corporate tax rate in the quarter was 12.2% compared to 19.7% in the third quarter of 2007. The tax rate this 
quarter includes the benefit of the resolution of both state and federal tax items. The year-to-date operational tax rate is 
approximately 27.1%. This rate reduction includes the benefits of both a lowering of the German corporate tax rate, 
which became effective as of January 2008 and further benefits of a global business and tax reorganization, which was 
recently completed. We believe we will be able to keep the full year 2008 and next year tax rate at or below this level. 

Net income in the third quarter of 2008 was $66 million or $0.44 per diluted share compared to $65.7 million or $0.42 
per diluted share in the third quarter of 2007. Earnings excluding restructuring and other costs and income tax related 
adjustments were $69.3 million or $0.46 per diluted share in 2008 compared to $61 million or $0.39 per diluted share 
in the third quarter of 2007. This represents a 17.9% increase in earnings per diluted share on an adjusted non-GAAP 
basis for the third quarter of 2008. 

Cash flow from operating activities were $236 million in the first nine months of 2008 compared to 257 million in the 
same period last year. The cash flow for the first nine months of 2008 was lower than last year due to both a lower tax 
payment outflow in 2007 and accounts receivable days starting out at a much lower level at the beginning of 2008 
versus the beginning of 2007. Without the lower tax payment outflow in 2007, cash flow would have increased slightly 
in 2008 year-to-date. 

Capital expenditures were $55 million in the first nine months of 2008, while depreciation and amortization were $43 
million in the period. Inventory days were 94 at the end of the third quarter of 2008 compared to 106 days at the end of 
the third quarter last year and 95 days at the end of 2007. 

Inventory is well-positioned at the end of the third quarter and they should improve a little further by year-end. 
Receivable days were 59 days at the end of the third quarter in 2008, which again is slightly better compared to 60 days 
at the end of the third quarter last year, but higher than the low 51 day level at the end of 2007. 


At the end of the third quarter of 2008 we had $245 million in cash and short-term investments. Total debt was $404 
million at the end of the third quarter. DENTSPLY has repurchased $100 million of stock or approximately 2.5 million 
shares at an average price of $39.57 so far in 2008. In the third quarter, we had some repurchase activity early in the 
quarter, however late in the quarter when the financial crisis occurred we suspended our repurchase activity to maintain 
liquidity and avoid drawing additional amounts on our bank lines in support of our banking partners. 

The Company has current authorization to maintain up to 17 million shares of treasury stock under this authorization; 
we still have approximately 3 million shares available for repurchase. We will continue to monitor the financial 
markets and when conditions improve we expect to resume our repurchase activity. 

Finally as Bret noted, we are reconfirming our 2008 full year guidance of $1.86 to $1.91 for earnings per diluted share. 
Guidance for 2008 excludes income tax related adjustments, restructuring and other costs and the benefit from the 
provisions of SFAS 157. 

That concludes our prepared remarks. Thanks for your support and we'll be glad to answer any questions you may have 
at this time. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you very much. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question will come from Eric Lo of Merrill Lynch. Please go 
ahead. 

<Q - Eric Lo>: Good morning guys. 

<A - Bret Wise>: Good morning, Eric. 

<A - William Jellison>: Good morning. 

<Q - Eric Lo>: I want to talk a little bit about Q4 and perhaps even 2009. I know you guys aren't giving guidance right 
now but if organic growth were to slow faster than expected, how quickly do you think you guys could realign the cost 
structure to maintain profitability? 

<A - Bret Wise>: Well, history has shown we can adapt pretty quickly. I must say that what's happened in the last 30 
days in the financial markets has been extraordinary and we would not have anticipated that. So – and as well as the 
currency markets, so things are moving rapidly but past experience would tell us, we can adjust reasonably quickly Eric 
and to preserve earnings power of the Company. The one caveat I would have on that is the currency movements which 
Bill described which are a little bit hard to adjust to as fast as they have moved. 

<Q - Eric Lo>: Would the focus be on top line growth next year or would it be on bottom line profitability and bottom 
line earnings growth? 

<A - Bret Wise>: Well we'll – when we do our call in February -- early February we'll give you our guidance for 2009. 
You know obviously at that point we'll have a much better view of the market that we're going to participate in next 
year. And I think it's probably premature to try to set forth goals for next year at this point. 

<Q - Eric Lo>: You guys had a large restructuring charge in Q3, about -- a little over $18 million. What was that 
related to specifically? 

<A - Bret Wise>: Well I think as Bill commented that was primarily the settlement of two lawsuits that we had that 
related to the anti-trust matter that first arose in the early '90s. 

<Q - Eric Lo>: Okay. So it was all settlement charges as opposed to cost reductions from SG&A or from the business? 

<A - Bret Wise>: It was primarily those settlements. 


<Q - Eric Lo>: Okay, great. And I know you guys were investing in additional salespeople in the quarter. Can you 
comment on what type of impact that had specifically on SG&A this quarter; how many basis points was it about? 

<A - Bret Wise>: Well, what we had said was that we thought the sales force and marketing expansion plan for the last 
half of the year would be about a penny per share. We did start that hiring in the third quarter. Of course it's not like 
turning on a light switch, you got to go out and find those people, hire them, bring them in and train them. So I would 
say more of that impact will hit in the fourth quarter than hit in the third quarter at this point. 

<Q - Eric Lo>: Okay, great. Just a couple more questions. One on – one of the reasons why US growth was slow in Q2 
was related to the delayed launch of the ATC handpiece. Can you comment on how that product has been doing and 
how much of a benefit you think it had to your Q3 numbers? 

<A - Bret Wise>: Sure. Why don't I let Chris Clark comment on that? 

<A - Christopher Clark>: Eric, we're pleased at this point with the dentist reaction to ATC. We've had strong 
shipments, particularly in September and the product really is gaining momentum out in the field. Yeah, it really is the 
best of both worlds, if you will in terms of offering the best of both air driven and electric driven platforms. And at this 
point we're pleased with the momentum we have at this stage. 

<Q - Eric Lo>: You guys typically launch about 25, 30 products a year. Do you guys plan to continue doing that over 
the next 12 to 18 months or would you slow down your product launches? [inaudible] 

<A - Bret Wise>: Let me respond to that Eric and then perhaps we should let someone else in the queue ask a question. 
Our product launches have actually accelerated over the last couple of years. I think to date, this year we've launched 
22 new products. So we're probably going to get close to the high end of our range of 25 to 30. And we've been 
expanding our investment in R&D in our last several budget cycles. I expect to do that again this year which is all 
driven towards better solutions for the dentists and we hope better innovations that we can take to market. So I think 
that continues to be an area of heavy emphasis for us. 

<Q - Eric Lo>: Great. Thanks guys. I'll get back in queue. 

<A - Bret Wise>: Okay, Eric. Thanks. 

Operator 

And our next question is from Jon Wood of Banc of America Securities. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Jon Wood>: Thanks a lot. Thanks for letting me in the queue here. 

<A - Bret Wise>: Good morning, Jon. How are you doing? 

<A - William Jellison>: How are you doing? 

<Q - Jon Wood>: Pretty good. Bill, first on the balance sheet. The DSOs, is it reasonable to assume those continue to 
go I guess flattish, would you view it as reasonable that we model that metric up in the fourth quarter or do you expect 
there's some more room for improvement? 

<A - William Jellison>: I don't know if I'd say to model it up, Eric (sic) [Jon] in the 4Q because generally we see a 
little bit of improvement in that period but I think it's realistic based on the economic realities in the world to have an 
impact. Thanks Jon. Sorry. 

<Q - Jon Wood>: Okay. Secondarily Bret, can you talk about the M&A environment; I think you were active in the 
acquisition market this quarter. Can you just describe how the pipeline has changed over the last few months both in 
terms of size or opportunities as well as valuation? 

<A - Bret Wise>: Sure. Let me expand on your comment there first which is, we did actually acquire two companies 
this quarter. Both are in Europe, one is a sales and marketing organization for orthodontics in Europe and the other is a 


– it's a kind of a startup with some really good technology for precision milled implant bridges. So although they're 
both rather small from a revenue impact, I think they're both important strategically. 
Outside that we're in discussions with numerous parties; I'd say the reaction to financial crisis is significantly different 
depending on which party it is. Some people are trying to retrench and with the view that their results will be better if 
they just wait a year and then transact -- do a transaction; others I think that are more concerned about liquidity, I think 
are more interested in continuing to pursue transactions. 

So there's a number of discussions going on. I don't think that valuations have changed dramatically yet although they 
seemed to have changed dramatically for the public companies. But for the private companies, I don't think 
expectations have changed that dramatically because like our business, the business feels about the same as it did 
before the crisis. It doesn't feel dramatically different although it's a little bit slower, but not dramatically slower. So I 
think there's still some good opportunities for us there as I mentioned on the -- in my earlier comments, we've got about 
$600 million of immediate liquidity available to us and of course we could get more if we needed to. So we're going to, 
we're going to continue the discussions and if there are good deals for us to do we're going to do them. 

<Q - Jon Wood>: Yeah, very good. And then going back to FX Bill, I mean, have you bought options for 2009? Can 
you comment on the degree to which you're hedged for 2009 at this point? 

<A - William Jellison>: Well, we don't make specific comments on some of those things, Jon. But in general because 
of where we're manufacturing products and we manufacture products obviously all over the world including throughout 
the US, throughout Europe, throughout Latin America and even in Asia. So we're selling products back and forth 
between our different entities as well and that does provide for some natural hedges associated with that. Where we 
don't have hedges in different areas with from a natural basis, we do selectively put in hedges from time-to-time 
between a couple of different country locations. But then one of the other kind of offsetting balances that we generally 
have in place is the net investment hedges. And if you see US and European rates begin to narrow as we move forward, 
because obviously the European rates are much higher today than the US rates, that actually has also an offsetting 
positive balance for us. 

<Q - Jon Wood>: What was the actual loss from the net investment hedge in the quarter? 

<A - Bret Wise>: The interest expense impact. 

<Q - Jon Wood>: Yeah, the interest expense impact. 

<A - William Jellison>: Well, the bulk of the 5.7 million that we've got there versus last year of 0.7. You have both the 
exchange offsetting movement and the rate offsetting movement in that in comparison to last year. So the bulk of that 
change would actually be from those net investment hedges. 

<Q - Jon Wood>: Okay. Thanks a lot. 

<A - Bret Wise>: All right, thanks Jon. 

Operator 

We'll take our next question from Derek Leckow of Barrington Research. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: Thank you, good morning everyone. Congratulations on a great quarter. 

<A - William Jellison>: Good morning, Derek, thanks. 

<A - Bret Wise>: Thanks, Derek. 

<A - William Jellison>: Thanks. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: Just looking at the operating margin here you're up 80 basis points in the quarter, that's way 
above your long-term trend. I mean, is it safe to assume you've got some room there for next year to invest more 


heavily in R&D for example or what are you going to do with all the extra margin there? 

<A - Bret Wise>: That's a great question. I think one we're very pleased with how we've done thus far this year. We're 
going into the fourth quarter where we think we've got a pretty good chance for good margin expansion again. 
Although, currency movements kind of create some risk for that. As we look at '09, I think that it's a little early to 
predict just because we haven't done our budgeting and our planning cycle yet. But, we're – we feel really good about 
this 30 to 50 basis points per year target that we've put out there and we would expect to, I mean at this early stage we 
would expect to be able to continue to perform in that range absent some dramatic move in the business or in 
currencies. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: And is the price increase something that would help you next quarter as well or how does that 
factor in? 

<A - Bret Wise>: The price increases will help us next quarter. Although as we commented in our prepared remarks, 
there was some buying ahead of those price increases in Q3. So, we probably won't feel the full impact in Q4 but as we 
more into next year of course we will feel that impact. So that'll be a positive for us. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: Were those price increases confined to any one area or were they pretty broad across the 
consumables product areas or...? 

<A - Bret Wise>: They were reasonably broad; they're not uniform though, meaning some brands we can increase 
prices more than others. So that's – on average they were more than last year and I would expect -- I would say they 
affected most of those consumable lines but not in all countries; primarily a European and a US phenomenon at this 
point. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: All right and then just one more question on the acquisitions here. Using your own history as a 
guide, wherever you've seen the internal growth rate slow, you said you probably expect it to slow by a percentage 
point or so. Acquisitions tend to become more important or they become more available, I guess, because valuations 
should come down during a period of time like that as well. So, can you comment any further than you already have on 
acquisitions and the ability to finance acquisitions? You guys obviously have plenty of cash available. Just wanted to 
get a better sense for what we'll see in 2009 from growth from acquisitions? 

<A - Bret Wise>: Yeah. I think our view there continues to be, we like to be acquisitive in the market. The dental 
market is a very fragmented industry and generally we see great synergy potential when we acquire companies in this 
market. Usually it's an ability to help them grow faster through our network, but also leverage their cost structure much 
better than they could do on their own. So, because of those synergies I think that we can pay reasonable valuations for 
transactions as you pointed out. We got plenty of liquidity and we'd be very interested in companies that come to 
market. Although we're not desperate to do deals; we're going to do deals if they are good for us. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: And so as far as valuations are concerned are you actually seeing that? Are you seeing a 
discount out there or are sellers still kind of – what's the impediment right now, the biggest impediment in your view to 
doing deals? 

<A - Bret Wise>: We see discounts only if the other party is at a level of desperation. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: Okay. 

<A - Bret Wise>: Either they're facing a liquidity crisis or generational change and they don't know how to deal with it. 
Desperation is too strong of a word, we see people being more reasonable about price in those cases. But again for most 
companies that are operating in dental, although they're not completely immune to the economic cycle, it just does not 
hit them as hard as it would many other businesses in the broader business community. So I don't think that 
expectations from private companies have changed a whole lot unless they're in one of those circumstances which drive 
them to really need a transaction now. That's kind of how we see it at this point. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: Okay. Let me stop there, good luck. 


<A - Bret Wise>: All right Derek, thanks. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: Thank you. 

Operator 

And now we'll hear from David Veal of Morgan Stanley. Sir, your line is open. 

<Q - David Veal>: Yeah, one thing that you said that was fairly counter-intuitive to me. It was that with the decline in 
your stock price and then the volatility in the markets you've actually decreased your share repurchase to support your 
banks. I mean it seems to me that with your stock price down 30% just in the last month or two, this would be the time 
to be ramping up your share repurchase. I wonder if you could just reconcile that for me. 

<A - Bret Wise>: Sure. I think what we did was in late September or mid-September when the financial crisis hit, we 
saw a lot of financial names that we'd always viewed as rock solid, kind of in trouble. We did have availability of our 
line, but the stock was still trading at that point probably in the upper 30s maybe even low 40s. At that point, we 
suspended our share repurchase program because we didn't want to have to draw down our line to do share repurchases 
at that point. And then of course we entered into our quiet period, our blackout period, where we can't buy shares. 

Now, that period is going to expire three days after this announcement and in our view the financial markets have 
stabilized somewhat; certainly the commercial paper market is better than it was. I don't think it's back to where it was 
six months ago, but it's better than it was. And in our prepared remarks, our comment there David was an indication 
that at these valuation levels we view it fairly compelling; we think the credit markets have stabilized somewhat and we 
would expect to probably reinstitute that program here in the fourth quarter. 

<Q - David Veal>: Okay. So the message is you were holding your breath for a couple of weeks there, but where we 
are today you can see a path to being more aggressive? 

<A - Bret Wise>: Yes we can. 

<Q - David Veal>: Okay. Great thank you very much. 

<A - Bret Wise>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Jeff Johnson with Robert Baird. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: Thank you, good morning guys. 

<A - Bret Wise>: Good morning, Jeff. 

<A - William Jellison>: Good morning Jeff. 

<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: A few things here if I could, Bret just going back to your comments on organic growth 
guidance for the year. If I do the math, can you just confirm here, 3 to 5% is where we should be looking for Q4? 

<A - Bret Wise>: Yeah, I think that there is a chance that it could be in that range and Jeff, the implications for us or 
the things we're looking at today is where's the market at today. Still pretty good demand, certainly positive growth 
although it's a little bit difficult to tell how positive. And then we've got a couple of headwinds. We've got the fact that 
we're going to be out of the dental anesthetics market in the US in the fourth quarter; it looks like completely out of that 
market which could cost us up to three quarters of a point of growth globally on a global growth rate. And we do 
believe although it's hard to tell with precision, we do believe that the dealer buying activity ahead of our price increase 
was heavier this year than last year which would also indicate some sales from Q4 probably moved into Q3. 


So, we did actually lower our internal growth guidance for the year; we were at 5.5 to 6.5 and we lowered it to 5 to 5.5 
although we're at 5.7 through nine months. And I think that's indicative of those two issues I just commented on and the 
fact that we believe it could be in the range you're talking about for Q4. 

<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: Yeah. Now fair enough and I think in this environment we all expect a little slowing and that's 
fine. I guess my question is, if we see a little slowing in Q4, you got these couple issues here the anesthetic issue, the 
buy-forward issue you'll have to hurdle, as you get into 2009 and trying to state very qualitatively because I know you 
don't want to guide, but I would assume as those headwinds go way, but you potentially face maybe growing macro 
headwinds, it's hard for me to imagine '09 much below Q4 levels on an annual basis then? 

<A - Bret Wise>: Yeah, I know where you're going with that, I think the way that I think about that is how we've seen 
the dental market react in previous economic slowdowns and it does tend to come off a point or two off its normal 
global growth rate which is, if normal's 4.5 to five and you come off a couple of points then you're kind of at two to 
three or maybe 3.5. I don't think that's an unreasonable assumption at least at this early point. If the economy stays as it 
is now which looks pretty bleak, that dentistry's growth would slow but remain growing, probably in those low-single 
digit ranges that we're talking about. 

<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: Yeah, fair enough. And then, you made a comment Bret on the guidance when you were 
discussing guidance about the high end, now was that the high end of your original guidance, the high end of where 
you are today with EPS guidance for the year? And then Bill, you made a comment about a two – potential two to three 
penny impact due to some below the line noise there on the fourth quarter. Is that somewhat in the guidance or how 
should we think about that? 

<A - Bret Wise>: No, everything we commented on today is in our guidance. 

<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: Sure. 

<A - Bret Wise>: But no my comment was we started out the year I think at a $1.83 to $1.88 now we're at $1.86 to 
$1.91, so even at the low end of our guidance we're at the high end of what we started with. And perhaps even above 
that if we get to the high end of our own guidance. So the comments we made are in the annual guidance that we're 
giving you and my earlier comment is that we're pleased to be at or above the high end of where we were when we 
started the year. 

<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: Yeah, fair enough. That's how I thought I heard it. And then Bill I didn't hear geography or 
percentage of revenues by geography for the quarter. I know you did year-to-date, but that gets a little messy backing 
out. Could you give me the Q3 numbers? 

<A - William Jellison>: Yeah, hang on a second, Jeff. In the quarter it's – in the quarter itself, US was about 41% of 
the total, Europe about 37% and then the rest of the world was the other 22%. 

<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: 22%, great. And then the last question just as we think about M&A here in this environment, 
Bret what's your stomach I guess for a dilutive deal? If there were a techie deal out there, if there were an area you 
needed to get into whether it was digital impressions or anything else. How do you think about dilutive deals as far as 
near-term and then the long-term benefit they could bring? 

<A - Bret Wise>: Well we've commented before that we would accept some mild dilution if it were for the right 
transaction with good, perhaps a good technology base or a pre-eminent market position but we would expect to be able 
to get that to neutral to accretive shortly thereafter. So I think that's still where we are. The point you raise about buying 
new technologies particularly if they are not quite ready for launch is by definition they're dilutive for a time. And 
we've done that before with new technologies and absorbed that dilution until we could get that new product to market. 
So I think we would have an appetite for that if it were good strategically and only had mild dilution. 

<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: All right, fair enough. Thanks guys, I appreciate it. 

<A - Bret Wise>: Okay, thank you. 


Operator 

Our next question is from Greg Halter with Great Lakes Review. 

<Q - Greg Halter>: Hi, good morning guys. 

<A - Bret Wise>: Hi, Greg. 

<A - William Jellison>: Hey, Greg. 

<Q - Greg Halter>: Well, I know you talked about the receivables and your days and so forth. Just wondered if you 
could comment on your bad debt reserve and how your customers are looking in terms of payments and so forth on a 
go forward basis from what you can tell? 

<A - William Jellison>: Sure. You know we actually took a pretty good look at that at the end of the third Q to see and 
to decide based on the environment whether anything additional is needed and we felt that the reserve level is pretty 
good. We did actually have included in the third quarter numbers about a $1.2 million or million euro additional bad 
debt impact reserve that we took. But that was actually in our numbers that we had. But from an overall reserve 
perspective, we were very pleased at the 59 days which are little bit lower last year's levels. And again as we move 
forward here our general expectation is that we would actually improve typically. But I think at this point in time we're 
still comfortable with the ranges that are out there right now and as we continue to move forward we're obviously 
making sure that each of our different divisions are taking a hard look at limits and terms and everything else. Just to 
make sure that we're prudent in looking at that risk factor. 

<Q - Greg Halter>: Okay. And I know you commented about on the implant side of things in terms of the growth 
there, I just wondered if you think you're still continuing to gain share from I guess a lower based at least in the US and 
what the prospects are in that business going forward? 

<A - Bret Wise>: I think that -- I think we're pleased with the performance we had. Not all of our competitors haven't 
reported yet, several of them have which indicates we're towards the up end or perhaps at the very top end of a larger 
implant company's organic sales growth ranges. In the US of course, your comment is valid that we got very small 
market share here, so we view that as a good opportunity. Although the US, I think the US implant market itself is 
growing probably low-single digits right now. And we think we're well-positioned there; we got two great brands, we 
got a good sales force and some good technologies coming out both Q3 – or Q4 and then next year. So we feel pretty 
good about our prospects in that market. 

<Q - Greg Halter>: Okay. And you still expect your capital spending this year to be about 75 million and any early 
thoughts for '09 at least directionally up and down over that? 

<A - William Jellison>: Yeah, right now that's a reasonable level of expectation for this year in total and I'd say that as 
we move forward, we would expect a normal increase off of that base at least at this point, but as I mentioned, we're 
just going through our budget review process over the next month and half here. 

<Q - Greg Halter>: Okay, great. Thanks a lot. 

<A - Bret Wise>: Thank you. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. We'll take our next question from Larry Marsh, Barclays Capital. Please go ahead. 

<Q>: Good morning this is Adam Pussard calling in for Larry. Just curious you guys mentioned ortho growth I think in 
the high-single digits, Can you comment on how did that break down by region? 

<A - Bret Wise>: It was actually pretty balanced this quarter. Ortho was high-single digits in the world and I think it 
was high-single digits in both the US and Europe, which is primary markets of course that we're in. So, I think it was a 


very balanced growth profile for us. 

<Q>: And then how did – what about endo for the quarter? 

<A - Bret Wise>: Endo, I think worldwide was mid-single digits growth. 

<Q>: And I'm just curious I guess just on your small equipment, just what would you characterize as I guess the 
highest price point in some of those products? What is the average I guess? 

<A - Christopher Clark>: Well, I mean it's a range of products you got everything from systems Adam that may sell 
up to 4,500 to $5,000 to the dentist. You've got handpieces, individual handpieces that will be lower than that. So, 
small equipment for us is probably anything in that 500 to $5,000 range to the dentist. 

<Q>: And I guess on the upper end of that, that's typically not financed by the dentist right? 

<A - Christopher Clark>: Typically not. 

<Q>: Okay. 

<A - Christopher Clark>: Typically anything under $5,000 general rule of thumb, they're going to put it on their 
credit card. 

<Q>: That's what I thought. Thanks a lot guys. 

<A - Bret Wise>: All right, thank you. 

Operator 

As there are no other questions in queue, at this time I'd like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Bret Wise, 
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President. Please go ahead sir. 

Bret W. Wise, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President 

All right, well thank you again for joining us this morning and of course for your interest in DENTSPLY. We are very 
pleased with our performance thus far in 2008 and believe we are very well-positioned to round out a very good year 
again here in the fourth quarter. And we look forward to updating you on our progress for both the fourth quarter and 
our expectations for next year when we talk to you in early February. Thank you. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's DENTSPLY International conference call. Thank you for joining us and 
have a wonderful day. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2008, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


