Company Name: Dentsply International 
Company Ticker: XRAY US 
Date: 2007-05-01 
Event Description: Q1 2007 Earnings Call 

Q1 2007 Earnings Call 

MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day everyone and welcome to today's DENTSPLY International's First Quarter 2007 Earnings Release 
Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. For opening remarks and introductions, I would now like to turn the 
conference over to Mr. Bret Wise, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Please go ahead, sir. 

Bret W. Wise, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President 

Okay, thank you Matt and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us on our first quarter earnings conference 
call. This is Bret Wise and also with me today are Chris Clark, our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating 
Officer; and Bill Jellison, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. 

I would like to begin the call today with some overview comments regarding our results for the first quarter and also 
provide a brief update on several strategic initiatives we have underway. Chris Clark is going to follow my comments 
with an update on our new product pipeline; and Bill Jellison will then take you through a more detailed review of our 
financial results. Following our formal remarks, of course, we'll be pleased to answer any questions that you may have. 

Before we get started, it's important to note that this conference call may include forward-looking statements involving 
risks and uncertainties. These should be considered in conjunction with the risk factors and uncertainties described in 
the company's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, our periodic reports on Form 10-Q, our press releases and our 
conference call transcripts, all of which are filed with the SEC. This conference call in its entirety will be part of an 8-K 
filing later this week and will be available on our website. 

So by now, each of you should have received a copy of our first quarter earnings announcement, which was released 
last night after the market closed. If, for some reason, you haven't received that, it's available on our website. 

We're very pleased to report a strong and improved performance in both sales and earnings for the first quarter. 
Reported sales for the quarter were 472.9 million, which is a 9.7% increase compared to the 2006 quarter, and 
excluding precious metal content, sales were 423.3 million, which is a 10.4% increase versus the 2006 quarter. The 
10.4% increase in sales, excluding precious metals, was comprised of internal organic growth of 6.4% and foreign 
exchange of 4.0%. 

The internal growth rate was lead by both our implant and orthodontic's businesses which both had double-digit growth 
in the first quarter. Our worldwide implant internal growth rate was in excess of 20% and, in total including currency 
effects, the implant business grew by over 30% during the quarter. 

Orthodontic's business also had an internal growth rate in the low-teens for the first quarter, and this was helped by 
strong demand for our new self-ligating ceramic bracket, called Innovation C. The geographic breakdown of internal 
growth for the quarter, again excluding precious metals, was 4.7% in the U.S., 8.2% in Europe, and 6.6% for the 
balance of the world. We're pleased to see a steep recovery in the U.S. internal growth rate following the 
implementation of our U.S. strategic partnership program in the fourth quarter last year. Our U.S. growth was strong in 
our chairside consumables, our crown and bridge product line, including Cercon, our all-ceramic crown and bridge 
product and in orthodontics. 

Growth in Europe continue to be very strong at 8.2%, led by double-digit performance in all of our specialty 
businesses, including orthodontics, endodontics, and implants. In the rest of world category, we did deliver double-digit 
growth in Asia, Africa, and Australia, and high single-digit growth in Japan. The performance in Japan really built 
upon some of the improvements we made in 2006 in that region, and we believe, our first quarter performance is well 


in excess of market rates. 

Just a couple of specific points that impacted growth this period. As we discussed on our year-end call, the 
International Dental Show, which is referred to as IDS, was held in the third week of March in Cologne, Germany. This 
show is held every other year and is, by far, the largest dental forum in Europe. This year over 1,700 companies 
attended and exhibited at the show and estimates are that over 100,000 dental professionals attended. We had a strong 
presence at the IDS, and we are very encouraged by the optimism of the dentists attending and the bullish sentiment 
towards new products coming out and new technologies that are being developed and we think this is a bullish sign for 
the industry and the dental profession in total. Those attending our exhibit showed a strong interest in many of our new 
and existing products, and Chris Clark is going to elaborate on some of those later on the call this morning, but overall, 
we are very encouraged and the show certainly aided our European sales growth in the quarter. 

Moving to U.S. market, as you may recall, we merged our endodontics and our implant businesses in the U.S., effective 
January 1. This new combined unit now has a very unique product offering and a value proposition. The business has 
been very active in bringing this combined sales force up to speed on both of these very technical disciplines of 
dentistry, and the feedback we have from the field reps and the customers is very encouraging and we're pleased with 
our progress in both of these areas. We believe that this will continue to build over time as the reps become more 
comfortable and proficient particularly in the implant area. 

Just a brief update on our U.S. based strategic partnership program with our U.S. distributors. Sales growth rebounded 
in the first quarter with our chairside consumables that go through that channel. As we indicated in the fourth quarter, 
we've remained heavily focused on end-user promotions in both the fourth quarter and the first quarter this year to drive 
end-user demand during this implementation of the initiative. This contributed somewhat to higher expenses but it has 
been very successful in driving growth, particularly as dentists that source from discontinued dealers need to look to 
change distributors for our products during this period of transition. 

Late in the quarter, we also became aware that there has been an influx of our products being sold into the U.S. market 
from offshore through the discontinued dealers that now can't source the product directly from us. This is problematic 
as the offshore product is often labeled differently than it's required for the U.S. market, and many instances, has a 
different formulation from what we saw in the U.S. market. So, we're very active in trying to track down these channels 
of supply and hope to make continuous progress in closing them down throughout the year. Although these channels do 
not really impact our overall growth rate, it can't skew our regional growth indicators as sales outside the U.S. end up 
coming back into the U.S. market and could replace what we report as U.S. sale. So we're going to say on top of this, 
we are going to monitor it very closely for the next couple of quarters to close down those channels and also understand 
what impact it has on our regional growth rate. I would say in the first quarter it did not have a material effect on our 
growth rate in the U.S. 

Overall, I think at this point, the strategic partnership program has met or exceeded the expectations that we had going 
into the initiative. Our relationship with our continuing dealer partners is very strong, and our field reps are rapidly 
learning to work effectively with the new sales tools that we have coming out of this process. 

From an earnings perspective, we generated $0.38 per share in the quarter, which is up 22.6% from the prior year's first 
quarter. If you remove the restructurings from both periods, earnings improved 15% year-over-year, and Bill will 
provide you more details on the earnings performance during his comments. But I think it's fair to say at this point 
we're off to a strong start for 2007. 

We remain optimistic as to the outlook for the year, with the first quarter results giving us increased confidence. We're 
reconfirming this morning our internal growth rate estimate of 5 to 6% for the full year, and again we remain 
comfortable in the upper half of that range at this point. If the dollar remains weak, of course, currency growth will add 
to that. And additionally, as always, we continue to pursue potential acquisition opportunities that we think can enhance 
the business. 

The strong start also gives us confidence in our earnings guidance of $1.56 to $1.61 per share for the full year, and 
again that excludes restructuring charges and any one-time tax issues, again reflecting double-digit earnings growth for 
the full year. Given the strong start in the first quarter, we're now more comfortable towards the upper end of that 
range, and we expect to revisit our earnings guidance for the full year following our second quarter. 

So at this time, I would like to turn the call over to Chris Clark, our Chief Operating Officer, who will provide you with 
an update on our new product pipeline. Chris? 


Christopher T. Clark, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer 

Thanks, Bret, and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us on our call this morning. I'd like to take a few 
moments to provide you an update of our innovation efforts and really to highlight some of the key new product 
introductions, both from late last year, as well as the first quarter of 2007. 

Starting first with an update of one of our key late 2006 introductions, we continue to be very excited about the 
performance of Innovation C, our revolutionary new ceramic orthodontic bracket system. This is the first and only 
self-ligating ceramic bracket on the market combining the benefits of an interactive bracket system with a strong 
aesthetics of ceramic brackets. We have expanded production capacity to keep up with customer demand, and it's very 
clear that we're gaining both momentum and incremental sales through trading existing customers up to Innovation C, 
as well as through customer conversions from competitive bracket systems. 

We continue to be active on the innovation front in the first quarter with the introduction of seven new products during 
the period. This includes an improvement to the software supporting the Cercon system called Cercon Art, which 
provides laboratory with expanded capability from the design of Cercon coping from substructures for crowns and 
bridges. This includes the ability now to manually edit the preparation line, and it gives the labs expanded capabilities 
to design frameworks according to the natural anatomical shape of the tooth. 

Our DeguDent division in Europe also expanded their manufacturing support services to Cercon customers to now 
include fabricating 6-unit bridge frames, and which continues to expand the capabilities of our Zirconia system. Cercon 
continues to be a significant contributor to our overall growth, with total Cercon sales growth in the quarter well into 
double-digits. 

Moving to the implant side, our FRIADENT division showed a guided surgery system at the IDS. This solution offers 
maximum safety in an economy in implant planning and has a special drill and guidance system for more convenient 
drilling and implant placement. This innovative system really leverages some of the software development from 
Materialise Dental, in whom we bought an equity position last year, and it uses a unique sleeve on drilling system that 
provides improved drill access in posterior regions in the mouth. 

As I mentioned, we demonstrated the system at the IDS and anticipate initial shipments in Europe during the second 
quarter. During the first quarter, we also introduced Smart Set, which is a new resin cement specifically designed to 
address customer needs in the Japanese market. This product has desirable adhesive strength and has easy removal of 
excess cement during placement and Smart Set really demonstrates our continued commitment to expand our market 
position in the key Japanese market. 

Finally, I'd also like to provide a brief update on our work within IDMoS plc, you may recall that this is a company 
with whom we're developing line of Caries Detection and Monitoring products based on really their extensive work in 
the electrical impedance area, and we're continuing our collaboration with IDMoS and the technology has now been 
refined to a point where we're focusing our efforts on claims definition and support. This is really a critical step prior to 
initiating regulatory filings and marketing the product. 

As we look in the second quarter and beyond, we continue to have a full pipeline of new products and we anticipate – 
that we anticipate bringing the market over the balance of the year. And we remain very optimistic about the 
anticipated impact of our innovation efforts. 

I'd now like to turn the call over to Bill Jellison, our Chief Financial Officer to review the financial results for the 
quarter in more detail. Bill? 

William R. Jellison, Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President 

Thanks Chris. Good morning everyone. As Bret mentioned, net sales for the first quarter of 2007 increased by 9.7% in 
total, an increase by 10.4%, excluding precious metals. The sales increase ex-precious metals for the quarter included a 
6.4% increase from internal growth and a 4% increase from foreign exchange translation. 

The geographic mix of sales ex-precious metals in the first quarter of 2007, included the U.S. at 40.5%, Europe, CIS 
represented 40.6% this year, and the rest of the world was 18.9% of sales. 


European sales as a percent of total sales increased as Europe continued to grow faster than the U.S. throughout 2006 
and in the first quarter of 2007 and due to the weakening of the U.S. dollar versus the European currencies. The 
stronger euro in the first quarter compared to last year not only benefited sales growth but also had a slight positive 
impact on earnings in the period. 

Gross margins for the first quarter were 58.2% that's ex-precious metals compared to 57.4% in the first quarter of 2006. 
Margin rates were positively impacted in the quarter not only by improved product mix, including the launch of new 
products, but also from improved manufacturing efficiencies. Gross margin rates are expected to continue to run at an 
improved level throughout 2007. 

SG&A expenses were $164.1 million or 38.8% of sales, ex-precious metals in the first quarter of 2007 versus 37.9% in 
the prior years' first quarter. The higher expense level in the first quarter primarily resulted from the cost associated 
with the IDS, International Dental Show, which is held in Germany every two years, increased selling and marketing 
expenses to support and strengthen the combination of our U.S. endodontic and implant businesses. The cost of 
additional sales reps and expenses were also negatively impacted by stronger euro in the period. 

Operational margins for the quarter were 17.2% compared to 16.2% in the first quarter of last year. Operating margins 
based on sales excluding precious metals were 19.2% compared to 18.3% last year in the same period. And operating 
margins based on sales excluding precious metals for comparative purposes, excluding restructurings in both periods 
would have been 19.4% in the first quarter of 2007 and 19.5% in 2006. While this quarter reflects a slight decrease in 
operating margins excluding restructuring cost and based on sales excluding precious metals. We continue to believe 
that these operating margins will be favorable for the whole year when compared to 2006 by approximately 30 to 50 
basis points. 

Net interest and other income in the first quarter of $2.3 million, which is an improvement of 1.1 million compared to 
last year's first quarter. Net interest income improved by $1.3 million in the quarter and other income decreased by $0.2 
million, primarily as a result of lower foreign exchange transaction gain in the first quarter. As we move through this 
year, we currently expect net interest to continue to run favorably as a result of our net investment hedges and our 
lower borrowing levels. 

The corporate tax rate in the quarter was 29.9% compared to 29.8% in the first quarter of 2005. The first quarter's 
operational tax rate was 30.2%. In the second quarter of 2007, Germany is expected to ratify a change in their corporate 
tax rate to be effective January 1st, 2008. We expect this to result in a positive adjustment to our deferred taxes and the 
adjustment will be treated as a one-time tax benefit in the second quarter of 2007. We also expect a future operational 
benefit, beginning in 2008, which we will better assess later on this year. 

Net income in the first quarter of 2007 was $58.5 million or $0.38 per diluted share compared to $50 million or $0.31 
per diluted share in the first quarter of 2006. On a pro forma basis, net income excluding restructuring charges and 
one-time tax benefits which constitutes a non-GAAP measure were $58.9 million or $0.38 per diluted share in 2007 
compared to $52.9 million or $0.33 per diluted share in the first quarter of 2006. This represents a 15.2% increase in 
earnings per diluted share on an adjusted or pro forma basis in the first quarter of 2007. 

Let's now look at the cash flows and a few of the balance sheet items. Cash flow from operating activities was $41.8 
million in the first quarter of 2007 compared to $11.4 million in the same period last year. The first quarter of 2006; 
however, included $23 million of cash outflow for the tax payment associated with the repatriation of foreign earnings 
made in the fourth quarter of 2005. Adjusting for this cash outflow in 2006, operating cash flow would have increased 
by 21.5% in this period. 

Capital expenditures were $11 million in the first quarter, while depreciation and amortization were $13 million in the 
period. Inventory days were 101 at the end of the first quarter of 2007 compared to 96 days at the end of the first 
quarter of last year and also at the end of 2006. Inventory was build to support the IDS and new product launches and 
we expect them to improve to the low to mid 90-day range by year end. 

Receivable days were 59 days at the end of the first quarter in 2007 compared to 57 days at the end of the first quarter 
of 2006. We not expect improvement in AR days back to the mid 50s by the end of this year. And at the end of the first 
quarter of 2007, we had $137 million in cash and short-term investments. 

Total debt was $423 million at the end of the first quarter. DENTSPLY has repurchased $21 million of stock or 
approximately 667,000 shares at an average price of $32.22 so far in 2007. Based on the company's current 
authorization to maintain up to $14 million shares of treasury stock, we still have approximately 3 million shares 


available for repurchase. 

Finally as Bret noted, we remain comfortable with a diluted earnings per share range of $1.56 to $1.61 for 2007 and 
this guidance excludes the impact of restructuring cost or one-time tax adjustments. 

That concludes our prepared remarks, thanks for your support and we will be glad to answer any questions that you 
may have at this time. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. We will go first to Derek Leckow with Barrington Research. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: Thank you good morning. 

<A - Bret Wise>: Good morning Derek. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: Just a question on SG&A expenses. You mentioned there were two components there that were 
sort of one time in nature and I just wondered how much of that, you know will be flowing into the future quarters in 
the year? 

<A - William Jellison>: Yeah I think the two components Derek that we talked about, one is really kind of, a one time 
in nature that is the IDS component and obviously that happens every two years. The other piece was really because of 
the additional cost that we've invested into the combination of the U.S. implant and endodontic businesses and while 
that is an increase over where we were last year, I think that that is an ongoing investment that we are investing in that 
area because we think that the continued potential for growth is very solid. So those two areas though were probably 
equivalent to around 3 to $4 million in the first Q. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: Three to four million. Okay. 

<A - William Jellison>: Right. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: And then just looking at your gross profit margin that was a little bit higher than we expected 
by about 100 basis points. I just wondered if that's – that's a lot a higher than your typical improvement year-to-year. Is 
that a reflection of what's happening with the endodontic and implant businesses or where is that coming from? 

<A - William Jellison>: Yeah I think that one; we are seeing a number of very positive benefits I think 2 primary areas 
both implant as well as orthodontics. Orthodontics with the Innovation C product that we have talked about a number 
of times in the past and Innovation C is the self-ligating ceramic bracket, those brackets typically have a price point that 
are in the 13 to $15 a bracket level compared to a standard stainless steel bracket might only be in the 3 to $4 bracket. 
And then you kind of work your way up to clear brackets and self-ligating stainless steel brackets, kind of in the middle 
there. So that continual trend on the ortho side, I think bodes well for both our business, because it's the first and only 
bracket out there that covers that and also because of the margin rates that we can get in that business and also as 
implants continue to grow as Bret mentioned. Implant internal growth was in excess of 20%, total implant growth with 
the exchange was in excess of 30%, obviously those things help us to deliver improved margin rates. 

<A - Bret Wise>: This is Bret, I would add to that that some of things we are doing on the manufacturing side are also 
having an impact. We initiated a pretty broad program last year, we called it demand – demand manufacturing 
planning, which is basically a lean initiative across a number of our plants and we are expanding that this year and it's 
having an impact on our overall cost structure as well, which is helping those margins. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: Okay. So we should probably model in the 100 basis point improvement then for the year, does 
that sound reasonable? 

<A - Bret Wise>: Yeah I would model in some improvement for the year. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: Okay. And then on the issue raised about the gray market goods coming into the U.S. market, 
how important is that issue and what do you guys – what can you do to combat that? 


<A - Bret Wise>: It's important for a couple of reasons. One is a regulatory reason and that being that the labeling of 
that product may not meet the FDA's requirements, it maybe labeled differently, in fact usually is labeled differently for 
these foreign markets. And sometimes the formulation is different from the formulation we use in the U.S. So it's 
important from a regulatory standpoint certainly. It's also important to us because as we sell offshore, I mean this may 
be product going into Asia or Latin America at lower price points and then being brought in back into this market to 
sell through distributors that can no longer source the product from us. So it can skew our regional growth rates and 
that's why we're watching it very closely. It won't change our overall growth rate because it's still our product, just not 
product that's designed and labeled for the U.S. market. And the way we track that is if we can get our hands on the 
product we can via the lot numbers, we can tell where it was sold to and we can shut those buyers down. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: Oh I see. 

<A - Bret Wise>: It's about our only recourse really. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: But that takes a little bit of time to gather that information though and confront the suspected 
party, I guess, right? 

<A - Bret Wise>: Yeah, and that's why we're going to monitor it very closely here for the next several quarters. We 
raised it because it's been brought to our attention from a number of our continuing dealers, but interestingly enough it's 
been brought to our attention from our discontinued dealers. So it's important, it's not going to affect the overall growth 
rate in any way, but it could skew regional rates modestly, and that's why we've commented on it today. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: Okay, well, thanks very much, guys. I appreciate it. 

<A - Bret Wise>: You bet. 

Operator 

We'll go next to Jon Wood with Banc of America. 

<Q - Jon Wood>: Hey, thanks, good morning. 

<A - Bret Wise>: Good morning. 

<A - William Jellison>: Good morning. 

<Q - Jon Wood>: You commented on the endodontic growth, excuse me, the implant growth in total, but any sense on 
what that grew in the U.S. in the quarter, or are we too early in that strategy? 

<A - Bret Wise>: I think we're probably too early in that strategy. I'll tell you that the internal growth rate in the first 
quarter '07 was better than the growth rate in '06, but I think that this will be a progressive improvement as implants is a 
very technical and technique sensitive product line, and it takes a while for the reps to become really proficient and 
comfortable with it. So what we see today is some of our reps have embraced it and jumped right into the water with it 
and are doing a good job selling it. Others, it takes longer to get them up to speed and get them comfortable. So overall 
we're pleased with the progress. The internal growth rate for implants in the U.S. did accelerate this quarter over what 
we had seen in the first quarter of last year, but I think it will be a progressive investment for us probably over this year. 

<Q - Jon Wood>: Okay, great, and you commented on the planned Materialise launch in Europe in the second quarter 
of '07, any sense on when that product will be ready to roll out in the U.S.? 

<A - Bret Wise>: We try not to give real specific timing on new product launches. We mentioned the product in 
Europe because it actually was shown at the IDS, and so we're already seeing demand for that, and it will be rolled out 
probably this quarter. The U.S. will come later I suspect. I don't know if it will be an '07 launch or it will be an '08 
launch, but it will trail the European launch by some period of time. 

<Q - Jon Wood>: Okay, great, and one for Bill, the balance sheet looks pretty overcapitalized here, can you just 
comment broadly on the acquisition pipeline? I know it's difficult given the timing, but what are you seeing in deals out 
there? 

<A - William Jellison>: Well, first of all let me comment on, I mean what we saw at the IDS was very encouraging. 
There were 1,700 companies at the IDS. It's kind of a good indicator of how fragmented this business is. Most of those 


companies are small, family-owned businesses, sometimes they are undercapitalized, and usually they have a pretty 
narrow product mix. But they may have one or two very good technologies that have the capacity to grow in the 
market, and when we see those kind of companies that's where we like to acquire that company or – and sometimes it's 
partnering with that company like we are with Materialise to give them access to our global sales channel to help them 
grow more rapidly. So we are encouraged by what we see in the industry. There is always timing risk with respect to 
acquisitions, but we are very active in that area, and it's a key part of our strategy. So we'll keep you updated on that as 
we go through the year. 

<Q - Jon Wood>: Okay, great, thanks a lot. 

Operator 

We'll go next to Anthony Ostrea with JMP Securities. 

<Q - Anthony Ostrea>: Hi, good morning guys, thanks for... 

<A - Bret Wise>: Good morning. 

<A - William Jellison>: Good morning, Anthony. 

<Q - Anthony Ostrea>: Few questions, Bill, you had mentioned on the operating expenses line two things. One was 
the IDS showing, two, the cost related to the endo and implant sales force combination, is that, is the second piece, is 
that, did I hear you say that that was an ongoing expense, or is that really one time? 

<A - William Jellison>: Yeah, no, the second piece is really a more ongoing investment that we've made by ramping 
up a number of the costs, both the sale rep costs, the advertising, marketing, training related costs associated with that 
business to support that combination and also because we believe that there is additional growth opportunities in there. 
So that's an investment that should continue for that group. 

<Q - Anthony Ostrea>: So the 3 to 4 million that you called out for both of those items, what was just the IDS, the 
show piece? 

<A - Bret Wise>: I think, Anthony, we'd like to not be too precise on that. 

<Q - Anthony Ostrea>: Okay. 

<A - Bret Wise>: On either one of those two. The other thing I would kind of elaborate on this is we're investing in 
sales and marketing in those businesses, and they are beginning to grow faster, but the level of investment we have 
today supports a higher sales level. So those ratios will normalize when we get the sales growth coming out of those 
investments, and that can take a period of time, particularly when you're talking about training new reps in a pretty 
technique sensitive area of dentistry. 

<Q - Anthony Ostrea>: And was there also an impact on the end-user marketing that you spoke about for Q1 for the 
U.S.? 

<A - Bret Wise>: Yes, the strategic partnership program we have in the U.S., we had commented in the fourth quarter, 
and we confirmed it again today, that both in the fourth quarter and first quarter we've been very focused on end-user 
marketing, particularly during this period of transition with – from discontinued dealers to our continuing dealers. So 
that has a role – plays a role as well. 

<Q - Anthony Ostrea>: And when might we expect that to ease up? 

<A - Bret Wise>: I would say later this year. I would think we'll be continuing to do that in the second quarter, 
probably the third quarter, but at some point we'll be able to back off on that. 

<Q - Anthony Ostrea>: And then turning to the U.S., is there, I know you had mentioned Bret in your prepared 
remarks that you saw an acceleration in internal growth in your consumables, can you quantify those, the numbers? 

<A - Bret Wise>: It was high single-digits. 

<Q - Anthony Ostrea>: Okay. 


<A - Bret Wise>: In the U.S. 

<Q - Anthony Ostrea>: High single-digits in the quarter? Okay and then on new products, was that 7 in Q1? How 
many are slated for the rest of the year? 

<A - Christopher Clark>: Yeah we anticipate, year in year out, we set a target in the 25 range. We are comfortable 
with that as a general guidance, probably actually hope to exceed that, so again you have got 7 in the first quarter I 
think, Anthony, you continue to see roughly that rate moving forward. Obviously some quarters might be a little light 
and some quarters might be a little heavy but we are comfortable with the guidance of 25 for the year. 

<Q - Anthony Ostrea>: Okay and then just lastly on just Germany specifically, how much did Germany grow? 

<A - Bret Wise>: Germany grew a little bit below the European rate, we are 8.2% of all of Europe and Germany was 
modestly below that. 

<Q - Anthony Ostrea>: Great. Thanks for taking the question. 

<A - Bret Wise>: Okay. 

Operator 

We will go next to Jeff Johnson with Robert Baird. 

<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: Good morning guys. Thanks for taking the question. 

<A - William Jellison>: Good morning. 

<A - Bret Wise>: Good morning, Jeff. 

<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: Wondering if we can start maybe on the centralized manufacturing initiatives in Europe. Are 
we still on track to maybe see non-precious metals in the third quarter, I think is when that was rolling in, and then if 
you can compare and contrast maybe the strategy in Europe there on a centralized manufacturing plan versus the 
pre-Edenstra energy kind of, who are the different customers you are targeting with each and how are they – those two 
strategies different? 

<A - Bret Wise>: Okay that is a lot of answer. Let me kind of walk through that. Centralized manufacturing in Europe 
for the rest of people on the call what he is referring to is that our DeguDent business unit in Germany now offers 
milling of a variety of substructures for sale to the lab, not the dentist but to the lab and that business was launched at 
the IDS, we spoke about. Today, we are doing one substrate through that product and we will be adding more 
substrates as we go through the year, one of which is non-precious metal. Jeff I am little reluctant to predict what the 
launch date of that is but I think it is fair to say that DeguDent expects to launch at sometime in '07; I am not sure what 
quarter. And that market or that strategy compares with Prident, which was also mentioned which is a lab that we own 
in China which today supports the U.S. lab market only, where an impression is taken in U.S., is sent to our lab in 
China and it's turned around in I think it's 7 days – okay it might be, I think it's 5 to 7 days. The substructure or the full 
crown is built by our lab in China. We guarantee the metal that's used in the substrate. We guarantee the fit, we 
guarantee the service. That's sold back to the U.S. lab who sometimes finishes the product and then the lab sells it 
directly to the dentist. So we launched Prident in early '06, it's going well for us and we are launching really right now 
the centralized manufacturing in Europe. 

<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: Great that's helpful, Bret, thank you. And then looking at guidance for the year in this quarter's 
organic growth, obviously a solid number this quarter but maintaining kind of the upper end of that 5 to 6% range, 
somewhat implies that organic growth could fall off as we go throughout the year, yet we see – it seems like U.S. 
trends are moving in the right direction. Obviously there are some good things going on in Europe. You know, is this 
just conservatism on your part or is there some fall off maybe that we should be thinking about later in the year in some 
areas? 

<A - Bret Wise>: Well it's a couple of things. One, we only have a quarter behind us and we would like to see one 
more quarter before we begin raising that guidance. Two is we know that our comparisons are going to be somewhat 
tough in the third quarter and then not tough in the fourth quarter. So we would expect to see a little bit lower organic 
growth in the third quarter and higher organic growth in the fourth quarter. How that averages out is not real clear at 


this point, but it's fair to say that given the start that we had for the year, we're confident in the 5 to 6 range and towards 
the high end of that and we would like to see one more quarter come in before we start moving that range in any 
direction. 

<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: Great and last question I guess would be, what I just lost it here. Well I guess I will come back 
in if I need to, thanks. 

<A - Bret Wise>: Okay, thanks. 

<A - William Jellison>: Thank you. 

<A - Christopher Clark>: Thanks Jeff 

Operator 

We'll go next to Steven Postal with Lehman Brothers. 

<Q - Steven Postal>: Hi, thanks good morning guys. 

<A - Bret Wise>: Good morning. 

<Q - Steven Postal>: First, just a clarification, the tax rate adjustment in Q2, is that excluded from guidance? 

<A - Bret Wise>: Yes that's excluded from guidance, that's a one-time adjustment in our deferred taxes. 

<Q - Steven Postal>: Okay, and then a question about Oraqix, I believe some months ago you changed the distribution 
strategy there, can you just update us on how sales of that product are going and perspectives on the changed strategy? 

<A - Bret Wise>: Sure. What Steven is referring to is that in the – when we initiated the U.S. strategic partnership 
program in the fourth quarter last year, we also changed our distribution strategy for Oraqix, which prior to that was 
sold only through one distributor in the U.S. and as part of the U.S. strategic partnership program, we've made that 
product now available through all of our continuing dealers. So there is 28 continuing dealers that have that product in 
the bag. I would say that the broader base distribution strategy is working very well. There is broad appeal for that 
product, and frankly it's helping us by having many more feet on the streets that are carrying that product going through 
the 28 continuing dealers, to reach more dentists and specialists with the products. So I think it's is going very well. It 
was a modest change for us fourth quarter last year and we're seeing the benefits of it now. 

<Q - Steven Postal>: Okay, and then, can you give us some perspectives on what you think the impact of economic 
growth is on the business. I mean it certainly seems like you got strong economic growth in Europe, do you think that 
had an impact on the positive performance in that part of the region, part of the world? 

<A - Bret Wise>: Well, I think it plays a part particularly in the confidence of the end user, the dentist in this case. And 
I think the improved economic situation in Europe is helping, I think that was evident at the IDS, people were very 
upbeat there. They were looking at and investing in new technologies, and I think that bodes well for continued growth 
in that market. So it does play a role, does play a role. It doesn't you know, the consumption of dental products is more 
driven by reimbursement than it is by gross economics. So, as people become employed, they get dental insurance for, 
if the government, you know, people have confidence in the government's reimbursement scheme, that tends to drive 
dentistry as well. 

<Q - Steven Postal>: Okay, fair enough. And then, final question I guess. I think you previously talked about seeing a 
positive impact on the margins from the closure of the Chicago pharmaceutical facility, can you just update us on that, 
is the positive impact there been completed and maybe just your pharma initiatives, you know, post-closure? 

<A - Bret Wise>: Yeah, I think you know from at least as far from the plant is concerned, I think you know, we were 
already getting the benefits of that closure last year, the numbers that we're kind of reporting now takes full account of 
the benefits of closing the facility down, and I think, as we continue to move out with some of our suppliers in the 
future, that there may be some other smaller opportunities there, but I think that the majority of that is behind us. 

<Q - Steven Postal>: Okay, thanks a lot. 


Operator 

We'll go next to Matt Buten with Sapphire Capital. 

<Q - Matthew Buten>: Hi, and also congratulations on a nice quarter. You gave a bit of pacing for the organic growth 
for the back half. What should we think about sort of for next quarter, given the IDS? Is that a net positive, or is there 
sort of a little bit of a hangover post that? 

<A - Bret Wise>: Well, we tend to shy away from specific quarterly guidance on internal growth, just because it's 
difficult to predict. We're staying with the 5 to 6% in the upper half of that for the full year. We had a reasonable 
quarter last year in the second quarter. So it's, we don't have necessarily a tough comp or an easy comp. The IDS this 
year fell in the third week of March, which means that we had shipments from the IDS demand both in the third week 
of March and the fourth week of March. So we did come in to the second quarter with some backlogs because of the 
IDS, but it was pretty modest at this point. 

<Q - Matthew Buten>: Okay. And then on the balance sheet, the sequential growth in receivables and inventory, 
relative to, let's say, revenue growth, what caused that and what are you going to do to – or how are you going to get 
them back in line as you discussed? 

<A - William Jellison>: Sure. I think, the first one is on inventories, of the increase in inventories, probably almost 3 
full days of that is really just because of the exchange rates, with the higher exchanges in the European areas. But 
inventory still crept up, part of that was in preparation for the IDS show, and to make sure that we had enough product 
to kind of cover the requirements from that show, and also from a couple of the new product launch categories that 
we've got, especially around the Cercon related products. Our expectation, as I mentioned, is to probably have that 
inventory day level drop off as we kind of move through the year back down into the, to the probably around the 
mid-ninety day range, maybe even into the low-ninety day range. But we should at least be able to get back into the 
mid-ninety range by year-end. 

<Q - Matthew Buten>: And on the receivable side? 

<A - William Jellison>: And on the receivable side, you know we crept up a couple of days there, probably maybe a 
day of that really reflected the currency side of it, part of it as well was around some of the Cercon related products, 
because we want the equipment out in the hands of some of those users, because the equipment's absolutely going to 
drive the consumable base. And our consumable base, Chris mentioned, we grew well into the double-digits, our 
consumable base side of that was, well above kind of those levels. And I think that that just continues to show a strong 
performance within that category. Again, as we kind of move through this year, I think our receivables will improve 
probably into that kind of mid-50 range. 

<Q - Matthew Buten>: Okay, and on the same topic of FX, what do you think the total – you mentioned there was a 
slight benefit from FX on the bottom line. What do you think the total was in terms of operating margin or net EPS 
impact? 

<A - William Jellison>: Sure, I think from an overall perspective, if you for every roughly on average every 5% 
growth in general, especially on the European currencies, that probably equates to somewhere around a half a cent to 
maybe a full cent per share, so that's probably consistent both in this quarter as well as moving forward. On the top-line 
sales perspective, you could see how much the Euro strengthened within the period, and we actually picked up the 4 
percentage points. If you look and compare kind of the Euro currencies from last year against where they are running at 
today, I think you should also expect, especially on the sales side, that we'll continue to see positive FX sales growth, 
probably in the 2 to 3 plus range over each of the next 2 to 3 quarters. 

<Q - Matthew Buten>: Great, thank you very much. 

Operator 

We will take a follow up question from Jeff Johnson with Robert Baird. 

<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: Hey guys, I remembered my other question. As far as the IDS, Bret, you kind of explained this 
I think near the end there, but back in the Gendex days, we used to think of IDS as having kind of a one or two quarter 
lagging effect. Now it seems like on the consumable side, it had a Q1 primary impact. Was there any risk of pull 


forward into Q1 out of Q2 that we should be thinking about as we model Q2? 

<A - Bret Wise>: That's always possible, and you're right that in equipment sale, there is a delay often in equipment 
sales, whereas consumable sales, the reaction is much quicker. There could be a modest impact of end users that bought 
new technologies or new consumables and now they will have to use those out in the second quarter but I wouldn't 
expect it to be material. 

<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: Okay. That is helpful. Thanks guys. 

Operator 

And that does conclude today's question and answer session. I will turn the call back over to Bret Wise for any 
additional or closing remarks. 

Bret W. Wise, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President 

Okay, well thank you again for joining us today for our first quarter report. We feel good about a strong start to the year 
and are confident about our prospects. Dentistry remains a very interesting segment of the overall healthcare market 
and we believe that DENTSPLY is uniquely positioned to serve and succeed in this environment and we look forward 
to updating you on our progress as we progress here through the year. So thank you again and we will talk to you at the 
end of the second quarter. Bye 

Operator 

That does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for your participation and you may disconnect at this time. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2007, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


