Q2 2007 Earnings Call 


Participants 

• Bret W. Wise, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President 
• James G. Mosch, Senior Vice President 
• William R. Jellison, Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, everyone, and welcome to the DENTSPLY International's Second Quarter 2007 Earnings Release 
Conference. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. For opening remarks and introductions, I'd now like to turn 
the call over to Bret Wise. Please go ahead. 

Bret W. Wise, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President 

Thank you, Audrey, and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us on our second quarter 2007 earnings 
conference call. This is Bret Wise, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. And also with us today are Chris Clark, our 
Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer; Bill Jellison, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial 
Officer; and Jim Mosch, our Senior Vice President who oversees several of our operating units but also our Business 
Development activities. 

I'll begin the call today with some overview comments regarding our results for the second quarter and then also 
provide an update on several of the strategic initiatives that we have underway. 

Jim Mosch is then going to comment on our business development activities during the quarter, including the recent 
acquisition of Sultan Healthcare. And Bill Jellison will then take you through a more detailed review of the P&L and 
the balance sheet. And of course, following our prepared remarks, we'll be pleased to answer any questions that you 
may have. 

Before we get started, it's important to note that this conference call may include forward-looking statements, involving 
risks and uncertainties. These should be considered in conjunction with the risk factors and uncertainties described in 
the Company's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and also our periodic reports on Form 10-Q, our press 
releases, and our conference call transcripts, all of which have been filed with the SEC. 

This conference call in its entirety will be part of an 8-K filing that would be available on our website in a few days. By 
now, each of you should have received a copy of our second quarter earnings announcement, which was released 
yesterday after the market closed. If for some reason you haven't received it, it is available on our website. 

We're pleased to report continued strong sales and earnings growth for the second quarter. Our reported sales for the 
second quarter were 507.4 million, and this marks an important milestone in the Company as being the first time that 
our quarterly sales have exceeded the $500 million mark, and also an increase of 7.4% compared to the 2006 quarter. 

Excluding precious metal content, sales were 462.1 million. That represents an increase of 9.1% for the quarter. The 
increase excluding precious metal of 9.1 was comprised of internal organic growth of 6.3% and foreign exchange of 
2.8%. 

Our internal growth rate in the second quarter was led by a worldwide implant internal growth rate in excess of 20%, 
and including currency in excess of 25% and also double-digit growth in both orthodontics and endodontics on a 


worldwide basis. During the quarter, we also saw an improvement in our prosthetics or our lab business that grew 
mid-single digits. 

The geographic breakdown of the internal growth in the quarter, excluding precious metals – again, this is a breakdown 
of the 9.1% – was US 3.8%, Europe 8.2%, and the balance of the world of 8.2%. Overall, we're very pleased with what 
continues to be growth above that for the global dental market overall in most of the categories in which we compete. 

In the US, we saw an acceleration of sales growth in implants and the related abutments and attachments to more than 
20% this quarter. You will recall that we merged our sales force for the endodontics and the implant product lines in the 
first quarter of this year. 

We're already beginning to see very good progress with this initiative, including rapid improvement in the sales force 
proficiency as well as solid improvement in sales force execution in both of those product lines. We remain really very 
optimistic about the long-term potential of this strategy, and we're pursuing it aggressively as we move throughout this 
year. 

Also in the US, we saw strong improvements in our prosthetics or our lab business, particularly in the crown and bridge 
category, and that was led by very strong growth in our Cercon product, which is our all-ceramic crown and bridge 
product group. 

In consumables in the US – and I'll remind you that those are sold through distribution – we had modest growth in the 
quarter, and we continue to be pleased with the progress following our US strategic partnership initiative, which we 
implemented in the fourth quarter of 2006. 

Our sales force execution continues to improve through the use of our new sales tools in all of these broad categories, 
these consumable categories for dentistry here in the US. I would like to mention two items that impacted our US 
consumable growth this quarter. 

You may recall that we mentioned on our first quarter call that we had seen an increase in activity to bring our brands 
in from offshore sources to be sold through the dealers that were discontinued as part of the US strategic partnership 
program. 

During the second quarter, as anticipated, we did see a negative impact on our US growth from this activity. We have 
made some progress in reducing the potential for this disruption, including terminating three dealers in Egypt, 
Venezuela and Morocco, that we could trace this activity back to. And we also have several other investigations 
underway at present. 

We have also made specific – implemented specific packaging solutions for products produced in Europe that are 
shipped to markets that are vulnerable to this gray market activity, and we'll soon implement like solutions in the US 
for products produced in the US and shipped to those markets. 

Also in the second quarter, in the US, one of our top five distributors was acquired by two other top five distributors. 
This resulted in some inventory consolidation in the channel, as the acquired distributor ceased ordering new product 
from us after the announcement. And that business, of course, will be absorbed by the two dealers that acquired the 
dealer that was sold. 

We kind of view this as a – as in process at present. Probably, we had some of the inventory consolidation in the 
second quarter, and we'll probably see the tail end of that in the third quarter. 

Overall, we feel very good about where we stand on the US consumable product categories. And we believe that US 
sales growth will accelerate in the last half of the year, and it should be particularly strong in our fourth quarter. 

In Europe, we continue to have some very strong growth trends there with growth during the quarter, once again, 
exceeding 8%. Overall, this was a very strong performance led by implants, orthodontics and endodontics, which offset 
some slower sales growth in our consumable categories coming off the IDS show in Germany, which was held in late 
March – late in the first quarter. 


In the rest of the world category, we delivered double-digit growth in Asia, Australia, Canada and Africa. And again, 
overall for that rest of the world category, growth was 8.2%. 

From an earnings perspective, we reported 42 cents per diluted share on a GAAP basis in the quarter, which is an 
increase of 13.5%. On a non-GAAP basis, excluding the tax adjustments and restructuring and other costs, we 
generated 44 cents per diluted share. 

We saw continued improvement in our gross margins with higher investments in sales and marketing initiatives that 
we've outlined at the beginning of this year and are continuing here in the second and third quarters. 

I would also say that these investments are – they're important to our future, but they're beginning to pay off as 
evidenced by the progress that we have seen in several of the initiatives that I've mentioned. And Bill will provide you 
more details on that earnings performance in a few moments in his report. 

Our outlook for the year remains very positive, now with two quarters behind us. Given the first half performance 
above the expectations we had at the beginning of the year, we're now comfortable with full-year internal sales growth 
estimates in the 6 to 7% range. That's up from our earlier guidance of 5 to 6. 

And given the timing of the price increases this year and last year, along with the initiatives we have in the US – the 
strategic partnership initiatives that we'll anniversary in the fourth quarter, we would expect sales to be strongest in the 
fourth quarter compared to the third quarter this year. 

In addition, we would expect acquisition growth to add approximately 3 percentage points to sales, excluding precious 
metals in the back half of the year. And currency will likely also be positive, given the valuation of the dollar at 
present. So overall, at this point, we expect to meet or exceed our target of double-digit growth for the full year 2007. 

Likewise, we're increasing our full year earnings per share guidance from the $1.56 to $1.61 that we had provided you 
earlier in the year to a new full year guidance of $1.60 to a $1.64 per diluted share. And again, this excludes tax 
adjustments and restructuring and other costs. So this reflects earnings per share growth excluding these items in the 
mid to upper teens for the full year 2007. 

On the strategic front, we've been very active this quarter in a number of areas. Certainly, in R&D, we saw some 
acceleration of new product introductions during the quarter, and we have a robust pipeline in the back half of the year, 
which should benefit growth, particularly in the consumable categories. 

In the business development area, you may recall that we added resources and targeted activities to this area at the 
beginning of this year, and I think that's beginning to pay off. Late in the quarter, we completed three small 
transactions. And in July, we closed the Sultan Healthcare transaction, which, of course, has an emphasis on the 
important area of infection control but also helps us in the preventive and restorative product categories. 

Although these transactions really didn't add substantially to sales in the second quarter, they will begin to make an 
impact in the third quarter and, of course, thereafter. These transactions were led by Jim Mosch, our Senior Vice 
President, he's with us today, and Jean Michel Blanchard, our Vice President of Business Development. 

So I'd like to turn the call over to Jim Mosch at this time, who will give you a little bit more perspective on our 
activities in the business development area. Jim? 

James G. Mosch, Senior Vice President 

Thank you, Bret. As we look at DENTSPLY's growth strategy, there are two key components, internal organic growth, 
and acquisitions. As acquisitions are a critical part of our growth strategy, it is important that we provide some 
definition as to how we assess acquisitions. 

Simply put, we look at acquisitions in terms of depth or breadth. From a depth perspective, we look to identify 
businesses and/or technologies that would create a new segment in dentistry or have the potential of changing the 


practice of dentistry. 

From a breadth perspective, we seek to identify businesses or products that would be complementary to existing 
portfolios, allow to us address the needs of a new customer within portfolios, expand our geographic reach, or improve 
profitability. We recognize that acquisitions that provide depth may be most interesting from an investor perspective, 
although they can require significant short-term investment. 

Fortunately, given the profit margins in the dental market, breadth acquisitions can be highly accretive, and as a result, 
we believe a balanced approach is necessary. In 2007, we added resources to the business development area and 
became more active in identifying and assessing potential acquisitions in an effort to achieve our strategic growth 
objectives and further utilize the strength of our cash flow and balance sheet. 

Over the last two months, we have made four acquisitions, which I'd like to review. In June, we announced the 
acquisition of Sultan Healthcare, Inc., of Englewood, New Jersey, and this acquisition recently closed. Sultan 
Healthcare will add 45 to 50 million of sales to DENTSPLY annually and is anticipated that it will be neutral to EPS in 
2007 and slightly accretive in 2008. 

We would define Sultan Healthcare as an acquisition that would provide us breadth. Sultan Healthcare competes in 
three major segments: infection control, dental materials and preventive products. 

While infection control is a segment in which we have very limited participation to date, it is a portfolio that is 
currently utilized by virtually all dental offices and has an estimated global market value of $700 million. Sultan 
Healthcare is a leader in several products within the infection control segment and provides us an excellent base, which 
we can further enhance and grow. 

The other segments, dental materials and preventive products, are very complementary to DENTSPLY's existing 
product portfolios. In most cases, they serve different customer segments and provide us with important brand and 
positioning opportunities. In all three product segments, we utilize a common dealer network domestically. And by 
accessing DENTSPLY's international network, we can further expand Sultan's global sales. 

Finally, we have been very impressed with the quality of Sultan's management team. They have demonstrated an ability 
to identify unique product opportunities and secure valuable relationships that will add further value to DENTSPLY's 
business. 

Second, adding depth to our business portfolio with the acquisition of Sportswire, LLC of Tulsa, Oklahoma. Sportswire 
has been the principal supplier of nickel titanium wire using the manufacturing of nickel titanium endodontic files for 
our North American endodontic business. 

The acquisition of Sportswire provides significant opportunities to internalized margin of our North American 
endodontic business and also the opportunity to vertically integrate the supply of nickel titanium wire for our other 
endodontic businesses as well as other dental applications. 

In addition, Sportswire has developed an access technologies, which will improve the quality and development 
opportunities within the endodontic market in which DENTSPLY is currently the market leader. 

Our third acquisition was Tmv Medica, SA, which is an implant sales and marketing company in Spain and distributor 
for our implant business. We have acquired DENTSPLY implant dealers in the past as a part of an expansionary 
strategy for implant business in key markets. 

As we develop relationships with key dealers, they have been successful in establishing and growing the base of 
business within local geographies. However, we find there is frequently a point in time, in which they reach capital and 
investment capacity. 

Acquiring these distributors provides DENTSPLY with an opportunity to reward these individuals for their success in 
establishing market position and at the same time provide needed investments to expand our sales and marketing 
resources and lead customer initiatives to drive overall business expansion. 


Spain is the third largest implant market in Europe, with sales in excess of €120 million, growing at greater than 20%. 
We see this acquisition as an important strategic move to initially improve our profitability and longer-term to provide 
a significant opportunity to grow our market position. 

Finally, our fourth acquisition was Neks Technologies, and that's N-E-K-S, located in Quebec, Canada. Neks is a 
highly innovative research and development company founded in 1999. Neks is clearly an acquisition that provides 
depth to DENTSPLY. 

Neks has been able to develop and apply unique technologies utilizing LEDs, or light-emitting diodes, and 
spectrophotometric measurement of the absorption and scattering of light to support a diagnostics and dental device 
platform. 

DENTSPLY believes that diagnostics, essentially the ability to identify healthy and diseased hard and soft tissue as 
well as the ability to identify the predisposition for dental disease, is an important future growth area in the field of 
dentistry. 

Neks currently markets two products. First, the DetecTar has the ability to actively identify sub-gingival calculus, 
important in the treatment of periodontal disease. The DetecTar represents a totally new field of preventive dentistry 
and is currently unaddressed by other competitors. This technology in combination with DENTSPLY's market leading 
Cavitron ultrasonic scaling device can provide a very effective therapy in the area of preventive dentistry. 

Second, the D-Carie mini is a cordless pen-style device that utilizes a fiber optic probe for the detection of occlusal and 
interproximal caries or cavities, which need to be treated in order to eliminate a more serious dental condition. 
Detection of interproximal caries is a unique differentiation for which Neks recently received FDA 510(k) approval. 
The D-Carie mini represents an important entrance into the caries detection market, which is estimated to be 20 to $30 
million on a global basis. 

As part of this acquisition, DENTSPLY has retained the Neks R&D team, as we recognize this as a critical asset to the 
business and DENTSPLY long-term. We believe that their existing technologies and research will be applicable to 
other business platforms within DENTSPLY. 

Although the acquisitions other than Sultan are relatively small, they each provide a unique opportunity to support our 
growth strategy. Along with these recent acquisitions, we continue to build upon and further strengthen our other 
relationships, which we believe can add further value to our business. 

I'd next like turn it over to Bill Jellison for a more detailed financial review. 

William R. Jellison, Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President 

Good morning, everyone. As Bret mentioned, net sales for the second quarter of 2007 increased by 7.4% in total and 
increased by 9.1% excluding precious metals. The sales increase ex-precious metals for the quarter included a 6.3% 
increase from internal growth and a 2.8% increase from foreign exchange translation. 

The geographic mix of sales ex-precious metals in the second quarter of 2007 included the US at 41.2%, Europe, CIS 
represented 38.6% this year, and the rest of the world was 20.1% of sales. European sales as a percentage of total sales 
increased, as Europe continued to grow faster than the US, not only throughout 2006 but also throughout the first half 
of 2007, and due to the strength of the European currencies. 

The stronger euro in the first half compared to last year benefited sales growth and also had a slight positive impact on 
earnings in the period. Gross margins as a percent of sales ex-precious metals in the second quarter were 58.2% 
compared to 57.2% in the second quarter of 2006. 

Margin rates were positively impacted in the quarter from product mix and newer product launches, especially from 
implant sales, stronger orthodontic product margins, and the continued success of our Cercon all-ceramic product 
offerings. Improvements in manufacturing efficiencies are also continuing, as lean initiatives take hold. Gross margin 


rates are expected to continue to run at an improved level throughout 2007. 

SG&A expenses were $172.1 million or 37.2% of sales ex-precious metals in the second quarter of 2007 versus 36.1% 
in last year's second quarter. The higher expense level in the second quarter primarily resulted from increased selling 
and marketing expenses to support and strengthen the combination of our US endodontic and implant businesses. The 
cost of additional sales reps and expenses were also negatively impacted by strong European currencies in the period. 

Operational margins for the quarter were 18.4% compared to 18.3% in the second quarter of last year. Operating 
margins based on sales excluding precious metals were 20.2% compared to 20.4% last year in the same period. On a 
non-GAAP basis, excluding restructuring and other costs in both periods, operating margins were based on sales 
excluding precious metals for comparative purposes, were 20.9% in the second quarter of 2007 and 21.1% in 2006. 

Going into 2007, we had talked about expected higher costs to accelerate and support growth in 2007, which has been 
what we have experienced today. As we look forward, we expect operating margins based on sales excluding precious 
metals excluding restructuring and other costs will be flat to slightly favorable for the full year when compared to 2006. 

While we continue to expect the fourth quarter will achieve higher margins than last year, we will be impacted by the 
lower margins from the acquisition, which include the cost of the inventory step-up and amortization costs. 
Restructuring and other costs in the quarter primarily included legal settlements and restructuring costs associated with 
the closure and consolidation of certain production and selling facilities. 

Net interest and other income in the second quarter was $2.1 million, which is an improvement of 2.6 million compared 
to last year's second quarter. Net interest income improved by 1.3 million in the quarter and other income increased 
$1.3 million, primarily as a result of a foreign currency exchange transaction gain in the second quarter compared to a 
foreign exchange transaction loss in the same period last year. 

We expect net interest to run only slightly positive and closer to last year's levels for the remainder of this year as the 
favorable impact of cash flow and net investment hedges are beginning to be offset by additional investments. 

The corporate tax rate in the quarter was 31.6% compared to 31.1% in the second quarter of 2006. The year-to-date 
operational tax rate, excluding adjustments, is 30.6%. Germany's new corporate tax rate is expected to be effective 
January 1st, 2008, and we now expect this to be ratified in the third quarter of this year. 

This change is expected to have a positive impact of approximately 8 to $10 million on our deferred taxes and the 
adjustment will be treated as a onetime tax benefit in the third quarter when it is ratified. We are also expecting a future 
operational tax benefit beginning in 2008, and we will assess this impact by the fourth quarter of this year. 

Net income in the second quarter of 2007 was $65.4 million or 42 cents per diluted share compared to $59.3 million or 
37 cents per diluted share in the second quarter of 2006. Earnings excluding restructuring and other costs and income 
tax related adjustments, which constitute a non-GAAP measure were $68 million or 44 cents per diluted share in 2007 
compared to $61.7 million or 39 cents per diluted share in the second quarter of 2006. 

This represents a 12.8% increase in earnings per diluted share on an adjusted non-GAAP basis for the second quarter of 
2007. The acquisitions, including Sultan Healthcare, completed so far this year, are expected to add slightly over 1.5% 
growth to 2007 for the entire year, or approximately 3% growth in the last half of the year. We also expect them to be 
up to 1 cent per share dilutive in the third quarter but to be neutral to earnings per share for all of 2007 and be slightly 
accretive in 2008. 

Cash flow from operating activities was $113 million in the second quarter of 2007 compared to $82 million in the 
same period last year. This represents an increase of 38% compared to last year's second quarter. Year-to-date 
operating cash flow is $155 million, or 66% higher than the $93 million in the same period last year. 

The first quarter of 2006, however, included $23 million of cash outflow for the tax payment associated with the 
repatriation of foreign earnings made in the fourth quarter of 2005. And adjusting for this cash outflow in 2006, 
operating cash flow would have still increased by 34% in the first half of 2007. 


Capital expenditures were $22 million in the first half of the year while depreciation and amortization were $26 million 
in the period. Inventory days were 101 at the end of the second quarter of 2007 compared to 96 days at the end of the 
second quarter last year and also at the end of 2006. 

Inventory was built to support new product launches and two to three days of the increase is related to higher 
international exchange rates. We currently expect them to improve to at least the mid-90 day range by year-end. 
Receivable days were 57 days at the end of the second quarter in 2007 compared to 57 days at the end of the second 
quarter and year-end of 2006. 

At the end of the second quarter of 2007, we had $180 million in cash and short-term investments. Total debt was 402 
million at the end of the second quarter. DENTSPLY has repurchased $44 million of stock or approximately 1.3 
million shares at an average price of $34 so far in 2007. 

Based on the company's current authorization to maintain up to 14 million shares of treasury stock, we still have 
approximately 3.2 million shares available for repurchase. And finally, as Bret noted, we are increasing our full-year 
internal sales growth guidance for 2007 to 6 to 7% and also increasing our earnings guidance to $1.60 to $1.64 per 
diluted share, excluding income tax related adjustments and restructuring and other costs. 

That concludes our prepared remarks. Thanks for your support. And we'd be glad to answer any questions you may 
have at this time. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Jon Wood with Banc of America securities. 

<Q - Jon Wood>: Hi. Thanks a lot. It's probably a bit early, but has the deterioration in the credit markets tempered 
competition for the deals out there? 

<A - Bret Wise>: Jon, this is Bret. I think it is too early to tell. I think that in the size of most companies in the dental 
market, of course, they are not attractive to large private equity groups, but some – some smaller private equity groups 
have been dabbling in dental. And, of course, their ability to finance at very low rates is important and liquidity from 
the financing market is important. But at this point, I think it's too early to tell what impact it will have on our markets, 
if any. 

<Q - Jon Wood>: Okay. And is it still -- is the competition among strategic buyers still intense out there, or do you 
think there will be some tempering in the valuations of assets out there over the next 6 to 12 months? 

<A - Bret Wise>: Well, it varies. I think in the transactions we completed this quarter, there was fair competition for 
those assets. Several people other than ourselves were interested, and kind of a robust bidding process. But I think, you 
know, valuations remain reasonable, particularly for someone that can acquire and integrate and help make those 
businesses better by either making them available to our global manufacturing base or perhaps our global distribution 
channel. So I think there is good opportunities for our business that it's kind of valuation levels we've been seeing. So I 
think it's still fairly reasonable at this point. 

<Q - Jon Wood>: Okay, great. And then can you – it appears as if you're including charges from the four – I guess 
four deals in your guidance for this year. Is that – are those material? And I'm talking about the inventory step-up 
charges. 

<A - William Jellison>: No, we think that, as I mentioned, the acquisition impact for the entire year for us, we're 
expecting to be neutral. We think we'll be maybe a little bit dilutive in the third quarter but that for the full year, 
including the step-up of those and the amortization costs, that's all included in our guidance currently, and we expect 
the impact actually to be a neutral impact in 2007 with a slight improvement in 2008. 


<Q - Jon Wood>: Okay, great. And one quick one. Bret, can you just give us a sense maybe qualitatively of how big 
the implant business is for you now, and then hopefully where you expect that to go over the next three to five years? 
Thank you. 

<A - Bret Wise>: Sure. Our implant business is between 10 and 15% of our overall business. It's growing rapidly, kind 
of three to four times the growth rate for the rest of the business in the aggregate and so obviously, that – the size of 
that implant business within the portfolio has been increasing and we would expect this to continue to do that for the 
next four or five years. I think, broader speaking, if you look at what we call our specialty businesses and went back a 
few years they would have been kind of in the low 30% of our portfolio, let's say 33, 34%, and today it's over 40%, 41, 
42%. So, you can see the impact of those more rapid growth businesses over time and what impact it has on the 
weighting within the portfolio. So that is having a meaningful impact. Okay. Audrey, I think we're ready for the next 
question. 

Operator 

And next we'll hear from Jeff Johnson. 

<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: Hi, guys good morning. How are you? 

<A - Bret Wise>: Very good. Thanks, Jeff. 

<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: Question I guess starting in the US here on the lab side, seeing a tick up there, which is nice. 
How much of that is being driven by the Cercon I system itself and can you talk maybe about the Cercon I trends you 
are seeing in Europe as well where I know that product has had some good response so far? 

<A - Bret Wise>: That product is growing rapidly in both markets and for that matter the rest of the world as well. And 
I think it's having an impact because it makes it a lot easier to use the system. Whether you have your own Cercon 
brain, which is the milling unit, or whether you want to do a scan and transmit it to someone else's Cercon brain and 
have them mill the unit for you. So it's making accessibility to that -- to that Cercon product line broader, available to 
broader groups including smaller labs that perhaps wouldn't have wanted to buy a Cercon brain of their own but they 
still want to serve that market. So it's having a very strong effect and it's driving consumable growth, it's driving 
equipment growth in that segment of our lab market. It's very impressive. 

<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: Great. Just sticking on lab I guess for a second, any updates on Prident or Predent, as far as 
how that business is trending? 

<A - Christopher Clark>: Yes, Jeff, it's Chris. Bottom line is that we continue to see very rapid growth in that 
business really over the last several quarters, recognizing it is a small base. But that service continues to get broader 
acceptance throughout the US dental laboratory community and you may recall that, yeah, this is really a business 
model and investment that's intended only to serve our US lab customers and really labs that buy our traditional 
products to use the service and we don't sell it to dentists. But we continue to see it growing; we have added capacity 
and will continue to add capacity as demand warrants. 

<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: Thanks. That's helpful and Bill, I guess a couple of just last housekeeping questions for you. 
The new German tax rate in the 8 to 10 million gain, one time gain in Q3, that will be excluded or that is excluded from 
your guidance, I'm assuming? 

<A - William Jellison>: That is correct. 

<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: Okay. 

<A - William Jellison>: The tax adjustments, which this would be one are excluded from the guidance that we've got 
out there for the year. 


<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: Okay. And just going back to Jon's first question here in the Q and A, on your guidance and 
what's in there, the inventory step-up for Sultan, I think if I'm hearing you correctly, understanding that it's maybe a 
penny dilutive next quarter and neutral for the full-year, which is good. But is that inventory step-up we included 
within $1.60 to $1.64, so ex that we may actually have a little bit higher guidance here? 

<A - William Jellison>: That is correct. 

<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: And can you quantify that for us at all, I mean knowing that most companies will break that 
out for us and again it just seems to me that there actually might be a little bump here in your guidance that we weren't 
accounting for? 

<A - William Jellison>: As we mentioned, for the total year, on the acquisitions, we think it's going to be neutral. The 
first Q is -- we think is going to be negative maybe as much as a penny a share impact, but you can assume obviously 
that it's going to be less or just right around kind of that level in the assumption as we're making up for that completely 
in the fourth quarter and expecting it to be balanced off. 

<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: And so that penny per share dilutive, you're talking in the third quarter would primarily result 
from the inventory step-up and it's fast enough inventory burn that it's primarily a third quarter event? 

<A - William Jellison>: Yeah. I mean I think at most it will be at that kind of level and hopefully it will even be a little 
bit less than that. 

<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: Okay. Great. That's all I've got guys. Thanks. 

<A - William Jellison>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

And next we'll hear from Anthony Ostrea with JMP Securities. 

<Q - Anthony Ostrea>: HI, good morning, guys. 

<A - Bret Wise>: Good morning. 

<A - William Jellison>: Good morning, Anthony. 

<Q - Anthony Ostrea>: Question on your lab business and that you'd mentioned the pickup in that business in the US, 
I believe you said mid single digits. Can you maybe just quantify what it was maybe last quarter and maybe give us a 
little more color on what you're seeing from some of your customers who were previously negative on your lab 
purchases in China and whether or not they've come back? 

<A - Bret Wise>: Sure. I would say that mid single digits growth this quarter was a noticeable increase compared to 
the first quarter and last year. The business did grow in the first quarter but not nearly at this rate. I think the growth 
this quarter was driven by the continued adoption of Cercon. That product line is very strong right now and it's driving 
our whole crown and bridge area. With respect to the acceptance of the products from – coming in from Prident I think 
when we adopted that strategy there was some unease on the part of some US labs that perhaps our strategy was to take 
that product direct to the dentist and not to the lab. We've said consistently and we remain firmly in the position that 
that product will only be sold to the labs and at this point it's only in the US and in fact, to participate the lab has to buy 
our traditional products as well. It can't be a one-off arrangement. And I think that over time, as we've been very 
consistent with that strategy, we're helping the labs try to compete against dentists going direct to offshore labs. I think 
we've gained some credibility and many of our customers that perhaps were upset at the onset are not quite so upset 
today and I think our relationship is stronger. 

<Q - Anthony Ostrea>: Okay. And then maybe, Bill, question for you here. On the gross margin, jumped up 1% 
year-on-year. That is a little higher than what we were expecting. And I thought I heard you say part of the reason for 
the increase was the strong growth in your specialty business – businesses. And I was wondering if that is the case and 


whether or not, if you continue to see rapid or solid growth in these businesses in 2008 and beyond, can we still see the 
kind of margin improvements as in '08 and beyond as what we are seeing right now? 

<A - William Jellison>: I mean I don't think the gross margin level improvements will be as high, in aggregate, but I 
think that as we mentioned before on the operating margin related side of the equation that we're still comfortable with 
anywhere from probably 20 to 50 basis points improvement per year over the next couple of years on average. I think 
gross margins in the quarter, and really throughout this year, should significantly be better primarily associated with 
some of the new product offerings that we've been talking about on the orthodontic side of the equation with innovation 
C, which is our self-ligating bracket. And as I mentioned before the self-ligating margins and the price points are 
significantly higher. I think it adds a lot of value both to the dentist and to the patient. Then we're getting obviously a 
premium price for that. And that area within the orthodontic market is growing significantly faster, more in the 40 to 50 
to even 60% range for that -- those types of product in that business, which obviously, are very positive. The other 
areas on the implant side, implant margins continue to improve both because of the strength of the products that they've 
got and also the leverage of the volumes that we're continuing to run through those areas. 

<Q - Anthony Ostrea>: And maybe just as a follow-up to that question, Bill, you also mentioned that over the course 
of the year, I think you said operating expenses will be flattish in the second half of the year and part of what's driving 
that is the investments that you're making this year which includes, I guess, investments in your merged US endo and 
ortho – endo and implant sales forces. I guess the question is should we expect those kinds of investments to continue 
in '08 and beyond? 

<A - William Jellison>: Well, I think a couple of comments associated with that. First off, for the end of this year, 
we've stated that you know, especially in the first half of the year as we made some key investments in those areas that 
it was running high. I think we're still expecting that that's probably going to be the case in the third quarter. As we 
move into the fourth quarter, we should see that obviously leverage out much better within that period, and I think 
moving forward really any time that we're seeing strong operational results, you should expect that we're continuing to 
take advantage of that and strategically invest in some of the key areas, especially the selling and marketing and R&D 
related areas to expand our growth in the future. 

<Q - Anthony Ostrea>: Okay. And then maybe just last question, then I'll hop back into queue. Bret, you had 
mentioned two items, which affected your consumables growth in the US, one being the gray market and two the 
acquisition of one of your distributors by another distributor. Can you quantify maybe what the actual US consumables 
growth rate was? And... 

<A - Bret Wise>: Yes. It was in [inaudible] it was in the low single digits. It clearly – we did grow during the quarter 
but it clearly retarded a little bit that US growth rate of 3.8%. I think it's -- in a normalized period, for instance, after the 
initiative anniversaries here in the fourth quarter, it can provide a tailwind to that growth rate. But right now, it still 
continues to be a little bit of a drag due to the two issues that you mentioned. But overall, I would say the initiative is 
working well. We see the sales force getting very proficient with the new data, and making considerable progress. Let 
me ask Chris if he has anything to add to that. 

<A - Christopher Clark>: No. I think we continue, Anthony to see progress in terms of converting customers to our 
retained distributor network. And I think at this point, we would really believe we maintained the majority of the 
average customers. We're enjoying a level of collaboration with our continuing dealer partners, that's well beyond 
anything we enjoyed previously, and as Bret mentioned, we're getting better in terms of utilizing their transactional 
data, both on the sales and on the marketing side every day. So, I think we're really feeling pretty positive in terms of -in 
terms of some momentum on that initiative, feeling good about where we are at. 

<Q - Anthony Ostrea>: Great. Thanks. 

Operator 

And next we'll hear from Steven Postal with Lehman Brothers. 


<Q - Steven Postal>: Thanks a lot and good morning. 

<A - Bret Wise>: Good morning. 

<Q - Steven Postal>: My question is on the gray market. Bret, you mentioned some negative impact on your US 
numbers. Was there any positive impact in regions outside of the US? 

<A - Bret Wise>: Steven, I think that it's fair to assume that. Of course, the reason the gray market activity exists is 
because we sell at lower prices in those developing regions, and thus although we're getting the sale, we're getting it at 
a lower price point. We continue to be very focused on this for a number of reasons, one of which is we have a strategic 
partnership in the US with our US distributors, and this is the market where we've authorized them to sell the product 
and so if other people are bringing the product in from offshore it can undermine their efforts, and we're committed to 
minimizing that, stopping it if we can which is always difficult. And the second reason is some of the product frankly 
that's coming in from offshore is not authorized to be sold in the US. It's either a different formulation or a different 
brand, and it hasn't been approved by the FDA and in fact, we found some of that in this second quarter. So for those 
two reasons, we're very focused on even though we would ultimately get the sale in another region. Chris, do you have 
anything to add to that? 

<A - Christopher Clark>: No, I think what I would also add, Steven is that this is an area that we put – continue to put 
a lot of resources on in terms of addressing from a packaging -- from a pricing standpoint and what we found, the 
definitive evidence, [inaudible] three distributors that we did discontinue internationally, obviously, we have several 
more that we are investigating, and we'll continue to be aggressive to try to shut this thing down. 

<Q - Steven Postal>: Okay. And then on to Germany, I'm just wondering if you could elaborate on some of your 
comments about the consumable business there. Do you view that business or that region, as stable or has anything 
changed from, let's say, 6 to 12 months ago? 

<A - Bret Wise>: I view it as stable, and growing. I think what you're seeing, we saw in the second quarter though kind 
of what we predicted in the first quarter. And that is that we have the IDS show, which is by far the largest dental show 
in the world. It's held every two years. It was held in the third week of March and we saw an acceleration of our sales 
particularly in those consumable lines. As far as that IDS show and I think at the end of the first quarter, we got to ask 
the question was some of that buying ahead by end users, dentists. And it very well could be because there are show 
specials and an incentives to buy during the show. And I think as we look at what happened in early in the second 
quarter with those businesses and also because we had less promotional activity in the second quarter compared with 
the first quarter, obviously because the IDS show was in the first quarter. We see the rebound effect of that, but overall 
we think the market has strength and continues to be a good market. The German economy seems to be in really good 
shape right now, and so across all of our business lines it continues to be attractive to us. 

<Q - Steven Postal>: And on the integration of the sales forces for the implants and endodontics business do you feel 
that you're fully ramped up there or are there more investments that you're going to be making in the second half and 
more training activities? 

<A - Christopher Clark>: Hi, Steven. It's Chris. We've made a lot of progress. And we put a lot of focus on sales rep 
training, I mean recognizing that we're teaching endodontic reps a whole new field in terms of implants and implant 
reps endodontics as well. We're real pleased with the progress thus far and candidly the momentum on both aspects of 
that business both implants and endodontics. But I guess I would say we are along a continuum here. And we will 
continue, we're pleased with where we're at this point in time, but there's considerable training yet to do and you will 
see us continue to make investments to continue to grow this business. 

<Q - Steven Postal>: So Chris, do you feel that you get a return on the investment in the second half of '07, or is it 
reality is more or like, '08 when you see those -- a return for making those investments? 

<A - Christopher Clark>: Yeah. I think, Steven, we're beginning to see the return now, but I guess what I'm saying is 
we'll continue to invest and that we'll continue to see those results. I think it will continue to accelerate in terms of the 
impact on the business, favorably. 


<Q - Steven Postal>: Okay. 

<A - Bret Wise>: And this is Bret. I'll add to that. We saw improvement in our implant business in the US in the first 
quarter, which was the quarter we implemented the strategy. And by the way, Jim Mosch implemented the strategy. He 
may have something to add here. I'll give him an opportunity too in a minute. And then in the second quarter as the rest 
became proficient we saw a real acceleration of growth in our implants in the US, which was particularly satisfying 
because as we look at other competitor announcements in that market, they're not growing nearly as fast as we are. So 
that seems to be working. Jim, you have anything else to add to that? 

<A - James Mosch>: Yes. Steven, I think following Chris' comments, it has been a significant effort, I think, to ensure 
the competency of those reps. So that they feel very comfortable in front of the dentist, and that team and that sales 
organization has really done a tremendous job of ensuring that. And being very close to this project my perspective is 
that they're ahead of schedule at this point in time. I would say as a Senior Management team, we believe that they are 
further ahead than we believe they would be at this time. And we're seeing implant growth north of 20% and that's the 
neighborhood we want to be in. 

<Q - Steven Postal>: Okay. That's great feedback. And then just final question for me, it looks like the precious metals 
revenues that declined in the quarter, can you just talk about what drove that? 

<A - Bret Wise>: I think that, if you look back really over the last year or two. I think that a lot of that movement has 
really become -- is coming from the strength of the all-ceramic related product in the category in general. As well as the 
generic shift gone away from the precious metal towards the non-precious metal components and we've mentioned that 
we've got some great product offerings within the all-ceramic related environment, which is why the Cercon related 
products are doing so well. Their growth points are well above 30%, 30, 40% as a category. Also, as we mentioned, the 
non-precious metal areas is an area that we really don't compete in today, to any large extent. And I think that that's an 
area that we think that we'll have some product offerings in the future to be able to address that piece of the market. 

<Q - Steven Postal>: Okay. Thanks a lot. 

Operator 

And next question will come from Derek Leckow with Barrington Research. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: Thank you. Good morning and congratulations on the acceleration in internal growth. 

<A - Bret Wise>: Good morning, Derek. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: In the US market the internal growth rate, I wonder if you could just flesh that out a little bit 
more. Give us the increase in head count in your sales forces, then also just question on pricing. Have you had your 
normal 1 to 2% price increase this year or have you tried to keep prices stable to enable the distributors to adjust to 
your new programs? And then just maybe one or two key examples of how you've been able to use the transactional 
data to your advantage? 

<A - Bret Wise>: Okay. Derek, there is a lot in that good question. With respect to head count, I'd rather not comment, 
because I don't want the increase in head count. I don't want to signal my competitors on where we're investing 
specifically and with the number of reps. But I think it's fair to say that there is a meaningful investment in reps this 
year not only in the businesses we've been talking about, but in the Asian markets we've increased reps as well and in 
some of the other specialty businesses. The second question was transactional data? 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: Well, it was deal – dealing pricing was the second part of that question and how might that 
impact internal growth in the US market specifically? 

<A - Bret Wise>: Our price increases are October 1. And thus we implemented prices last -- price increases last year, 
probably, between 2 and 3% depending on the product category. Some product categories even lower than that. So that 
always has an impact on organic growth. And we'd expect increase prices again the end of September beginning by 


October this year. We are trying to get that anniversary date on the same time from year-to-year. So it's not so 
disruptive to the trends throughout the year. I'm going to ask Chris to comment on the transactional data. 

<A - Christopher Clark>: Maybe just a clarification on that point, Derek. As Bret, mentioned with the sales increases 
to some of our different divisions have price increases upwards of 2 to 3, even 4 percentage points, but on average 
across the company we've got more in the 1 to maybe 2% range and I think last year it was closer to above 1.5% 
increase. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: So matched across the whole company pretty much was the same type of increase that we've 
been seeing last year? 

<A - Christopher Clark>: Expect that same type of level this year. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: Okay. Thanks. 

<A - Christopher Clark>: Derek, it's Chris. Commenting on the transactional data as I mentioned earlier, we're getting 
more and more proficient candidly with each passing day. From a marketing standpoint, able to utilize direct mail, also 
telemarketing to drive sales, focusing both on new product introductions where we can target customers that we think 
based on the transactional data might be more responsive or more interested in a particular product line, but also with 
continuity offers for existing products. And that also is -- we think are -- is beginning to move the needle. On top of 
that the sales force with that data, we're finding is much more efficient and effective in terms of being able to target the 
right customer, if you will, at the right time with the right message as opposed to it mean more of a shotgun approach, 
they're able to go in with more of a rifle-type approach and improve candidly the impact of each sales call. That's a 
pretty significant investment obviously in terms of sales organization so having the right data and having – enabling 
them to call on the right person with the right message is pretty impactful. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: So let me understand this a little better. The sales management has access to that data on a 
real-time basis and if they see that a particular marketing program is working in one region, they can apply those best 
practices elsewhere? Is that sort of what you mean by that? 

<A - Bret Wise>: Absolutely. And on top of that as our sales reps are sitting here and saying he's going to call on a 
particular area in a given day. He has now got transactional data available to him to help identify, which dentist should 
he call on, on that particular day, to make his day as impactful as possible. So the answer is both on marketing side as 
well as on the sales side. It's pretty helpful tool. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: Great. It sounds great. Good luck. Thanks a lot. 

Operator 

And next we'll hear from Greg Halter with Great Lakes Review. 

<Q - Greg Halter>: Good morning, guys. Congratulations on the good results. 

<A - Bret Wise>: Thanks, Greg. 

<Q - Greg Halter>: One question for you regarding the share count. Just wondering why it increased on a 
quarter-over-quarter basis, I guess sequentially given that you repurchased I guess around 900,000 shares or so in the 
quarter? 

<A - Bret Wise>: Actually that was because there was a number of stock option exercising that took place during 
really the first half of the year. We've bought back pretty much enough to come close to at least offsetting that. I think 
that you should expect us to continue to be out in the market in the second half of the year as well, repurchasing stock. 

<Q - Greg Halter>: Okay. 


<A - Bret Wise>: There's one complication this quarter, Greg, too, is as we neared the announcement for the Sultan 
Healthcare transaction. We ceased our share purchasing activity until we announced it, and thus there was a period of 
time during this quarter that we weren't buying for that reason. 

<Q - Greg Halter>: So there was more early rather than late in the quarter? 

<A - Bret Wise>: Yeah. That's correct. 

<Q - Greg Halter>: Okay. And second question, do you have anything or any interest in the area of dental devices for 
the treatment of sleep apnea? Is that anything that interests you at this point? 

<A - Bret Wise>: Well, I don't want to comment too specifically, but sleep apnea is a pretty really wide – pretty 
common problem throughout the world, but in particular it seems to be getting a lot of therapeutic attention in the US. 
It is treated in the oral cavity, which is part of our domain, but realistically sleep apnea is a medical condition, not a 
dental condition. So it's something we've looked at, something we may continue to assess. And if we end up moving 
that way, of course, we'll let you know upon launch of products. 

<Q - Greg Halter>: Okay. Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

We'll now hear from David Veal with Morgan Stanley. 

<Q - David Veal>: Thanks. I always hate when we go alphabetically. Just wondering as you become more active on 
the business development front, I'm wondering how you think about any potential structural changes in working capital 
levels and also overall debt levels. Are you happy where you are? You want to keep some dry powder, how you think 
about that? 

<A - Bret Wise>: Well, we've talked about the amount of capacity we've got on our balance sheet today. We could 
literally step into that market on acquisitions and buy well in excess of $1 billion worth of value and still be kind of 
investment grade at that level. So if you look at the amount of cash flow that we generate we can -- we can literally 
achieve our acquisition objectives really just with our annualized kind of cash flow that we've got out there, which 
obviously should tell you that our expectation is to try to grow even faster than that. But where our debt-to-cap is at this 
point, I'd say that we believe that it is below where we should be as an organization in general. And we want to make 
sure that we're taking advantage of that by taking a look at a broad range of acquisition opportunities first. But I think 
you should also expect that we'll be in the market at different times buying back stock. From a working capital 
perspective at this point, I think that we've made some great progress on the overall cash flow side of the equation, but 
if you look at where our inventory days are at this point. I think all of us would agree that we'd expect to drive those 
down further already this year. But I think that even over the next few years that we've got room to continue to reduce 
that. On a receivable basis, I'd say it's a little bit more balanced for about 57 days at this point. And I'd say anywhere in 
that mid 50-day range is probably reasonable for us. 

<Q - David Veal>: Great. Thanks. Nice work. 

<A - Bret Wise>: Thank you. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] And there appear to be no further questions at this time. Mr. Wise, I'll turn things back to you. 

Bret W. Wise, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President 


Thank you, Audrey. Thank you to everyone, for joining us today on our second quarter report. We feel good about our 
performance here in the first half of the year and we have a positive outlook for the remainder of the year. I think we're 
making good progress on our long-term initiatives and we also remain very positive on the status and the trends we see 
on the global dental market and the process -- prospects for business development activity within that global market. So 
thank you again for your time this morning. And we look forward to updating you on our progress throughout the 
remainder of this year. Thank you. 

Operator 

That does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. And have a wonderful day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2007, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


