Q3 2006 Earnings Call 


Participants 

• Gary K. Kunkle, Jr., Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 
• Bret W. Wise, President and Chief Operating Officer 
• William R. Jellison, Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day everyone and welcome to today's DENTSPLY International third quarter earnings conference call. As a 
reminder, today's call is being recorded. For opening remarks and introduction, I would now like to turn the conference 
over to Mr. Gary Kunkle. Please go ahead, sir. 

Gary K. Kunkle, Jr., Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Amanda and good morning. And thank you for joining the DENTSPLY third quarter 2006 earnings 
conference call. My name is Gary Kunkle, and I am the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Also, on the call today 
are Bret Wise, our President and Chief Operating Officer; and Bill Jellison, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial 
Officer. 

I will begin today's call with some overview comments regarding our third quarter results and our overall business, Bret 
is then going to update you on some recent new product introductions and our recent consolidation of our implant and 
endodontic sales force in the US. Following Bret's comments, Bill will then take you through a more detailed review of 
the P&L and balance sheet and finally I will conclude with some remarks regarding our outlook for the balance of the 
year. And following our formal remarks, of course, we will all be pleased to answer any questions that you may have. 

Before we get started, it's important to note that this conference call may include forward-looking statements involving 
risks and uncertainties. These should be considered in conjunction with the risk factors and uncertainties described in 
the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K, its subsequent periodic reports on Form 10-Q, press releases 
and conference call scripts that are filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This conference in its entirety 
will be part of an 8-K filing and will be available on our website. By now, each of you should have received a copy of 
our third quarter 2006 earnings announcement that we released yesterday after the market closed. 

Our reported sales during the third quarter were 435.7 million. This represents an increase of 4.8% as reported and an 
increase of 5.8%, if you exclude the precious metal content. The increase of 5.8%, excluding precious metal content 
broke out as follows; base business was plus 4% and foreign exchange was plus 1.8%. The geographic base business 
growth and again this is ex-PM for the quarter, the United States was plus 3.2, Europe was plus 2.8, and the balance of 
the world was plus 8.2. 

The total base business growth of 4% was, again, primarily driven by strong double-digit growth in our orthodontic and 
implant businesses, as well as above market performances in Asia and Japan. The period was also positively impacted 
by some additional buy-ins ahead of our October 1st price increases. These strong performances were partially offset 
by the short-term impact of our strategic partnership initiative in the US. And speaking about the United States, as I 
stated before, the US internal growth for the third quarter was 3.2%. As you'll recall, we initiated our US strategic 
partnership program in the third quarter. This initiative dramatically narrowed our distribution network from over 200 
distributors to 28 distributors that are currently selling about 90% of our US distributor-based products. As we have 


said, we expected a reduction in purchases from those discontinued distributors and product returns from those we 
chose to do so, and as a result, we estimated the internal growth in the US would be in the low-single digits as we 
realized. 

We announced the US strategic partnership program in September, and since that time, we have communicated our 
plans to all distributors, both retained and discontinued. The retained distributors have been very supportive both at the 
executive level and at the field level. Over 90% of the agreements have been signed and expect the balance to be signed 
shortly. Our DENTSPLY North America sales organization has been trained on the new software and this is a software 
that will provide them with the sales information and the analytical tools necessary to improve their efficiency and 
effectiveness as we go forward. They are really very excited about this initiative and what it will do to improve their 
sales efforts. We are currently gathering end-user information from our retained distributors and expect to complete 
that process by year-end. This US strategic partnership is a major milestone for DENTSPLY. We believe very strongly 
that this initiative will accelerate our long-term growth and is a very worthwhile investment. 

Now moving on to Europe. Europe's base business growth for the quarter was 2.8%. We had strong performances in 
the specialty groups with double-digit growth in both implants and orthodontics. This was offset by modest growth in 
Germany. Europe's base business growth for the quarter excluding Germany was 4.5. As we stated going into the year, 
we expected Germany to have a modest growth in 2006, but not to return to 2004 levels within that year. Through nine 
months of 2006, Germany has been – had a base business growth of 6.2, while the balance of Europe has grown at 

10.9. 

Now, looking at other markets. The balance of the world has base business growth of 8.2% for the quarter. This was 
lead by 16.5% growth in Asia and with strong performances in China, India, and Korea within that geography. We also 
had base business growth of 6% in Japan and of course, if you remember from previous calls, this is really a market 
that people continue to feel is flattened growth. So, we're pleased with that. 

I will now turn the call over to Bret Wise, our President and Chief Operating Officer, who will bring you up to date on 
some exciting new products and another very exciting growth initiative that was implemented in the third quarter. Bret? 

Bret W. Wise, President and Chief Operating Officer 

Thank you Gary and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us on our call this morning. I'd like to take a few 
minutes to talk about innovation in DENTSPLY. We view innovation as a broad concept really including not only 
product innovation, but also innovation in how we use our resources to maximize the value that we can deliver to the 
profession and to promote better dentistry in all markets. 

As Gary mentioned, as we announced earlier in September, this quarter we implemented a new strategic partnership 
program with our US dealer network, which is a good example of a form of innovation to help us better serve the 
profession. Likewise, this quarter, we also combined the forces of two of our divisions that served the specialty dental 
surgical markets in the United States, specifically we merged the US divisions to serve the endodontics and the implant 
markets. And our strategy here is to really provide the tools – all the tools necessary to cover the full lifecycle of the 
tooth all in one sales bag. Essentially saving natural tooth structure through root canal therapy when it's possible and it's 
the best solution for the patient and an implant procedure when the tooth can no longer be saved. 

The merger of these two divisions, which are Tulsa Dental and our Friadent CeraMed division will significantly 
increase our coverage of professionals providing both endodontics and implant solutions in the marketplace and 
combined it includes a deployment of over 200 sales professionals to these markets. This represents an increase in the 
number of sales personnel promoting our implant line in the United States by over four-fold, as well as the deployment 
of significantly more marketing and continuing education resources to both the endodontics and the implant markets. 

On the product side of innovation, we introduced approximately 25 new products so far this year, which clearly puts us 
on pace to exceed our long-term target of 20 to 25 new product innovations each year. Given that most new products 
from dentistry are relatively small, less than 5 million in revenue potential annually generally for a new product, it's 


really important to have a wide variety of new products and improvements coming into the market each and every year. 
So, what I would like to do now is just introduce you to a few of the new products that we launched in the third quarter. 

The first one is Innovation C, which is a new revolutionary ceramic orthodontic bracket system. This system combines 
the benefits of fully interactive system with the high aesthetics of ceramic brackets essentially addressing both of the 
primary value drivers of high efficiency, which is measured by reduced treatment time for the patients and high 
aesthetics of the ceramic solution, all in a single bracket. So, this is really revolutionary for the practice and early 
indications from our customers, as well of our opinion leaders indicate that's being very well received in the 
marketplace. 

In our prosthetics group, we launched a new interactive software tool called Cercon Coach. Cercon Coach provides 
practice building, patient treatment planning and animation that can aid in the patient's understanding of the procedure, 
and state-of-the-art electronic laboratory prescription tools that can link the procedure from the patient to the dentist 
through the dental laboratory. And we believe that better link and improved communication will drive increased use of 
our full-ceramic Cercon crown and bridge restorations. 

Also on prosthetics, we launched a new composite system for long-term provisional or temporary crown and bridge 
applications that is branded Radica. With the growth in implants and other long-term procedures, the demand for a 
long-term provisionals is growing in the marketplace. The key feature of Radica is that it provides best-in-class 
strength, durability and anesthetics for long-term temporaries while significantly simplifying the process and the related 
inherent cost to the laboratory. Now the wear strength has been found to be better than most denture teeth and because 
of its simplicity, a lab technician can be trained in its application in less than 15 minutes. 

In our restoratives group, we launched XP BOND, which is the first adhesive, which is truly universal for all direct and 
indirect indications. It allows light cure, dual cure and self cure modes all in a single product in addition to improved 
handling and application advantages. Also in restoratives, we launched a universal disposable sensor holder and 
phosphorus plate holder; these are for use in digital x-ray applications. The key competitive benefit of this product, 
which is called Uni-Grip is its flexibility. Not only can it accommodate all sensor shapes available in the marketplace, 
its adjustable bitepiece allows you to achieve all the positions necessary for a full mouth series of x-rays all with one 
unit. So, this is important as the adoption of digital x-ray continues to grow in the marketplace. 

So, this is just a sampling of our new applications this quarter. Overall, we are having another really strong year for 
new product introductions and innovation in general at DENTSPLY. 

I would now like to turn the call over to Bill Jellison, our Chief Financial Officer, to review the financial results for the 
quarter in more detail. Bill? 

William R. Jellison, Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President 

Good morning everyone. As Gary mentioned, net sales for the third quarter of 2006 increased by 4.8% in total and 
increase by 5.8%, excluding precious metals. The sales increase ex-precious metals for the quarter included 4% 
increase from internal growth and an increase of 1.8% impact from the foreign exchange translation. The geographic 
mix of sales ex-precious metals in the third quarter of 2006 included US at 45%, Europe at 35%, and the rest of the 
world was 20% of sales. 

Solid improvements continue to be made in operating margins, excluding restructuring and other related items and 
including stock option expense in both periods. Gross margins ex-precious metals for the third quarter were 57.2% 
compared to 56% in the third quarter of 2005. Margin rates continue to be positively impacted in the third quarter from 
both improved product mix and improvements in leverage and manufacturing efficiencies. 

SG&A expenses were $148.5 million or 37.6% of sales, ex-precious metals in the third quarter of 2006 versus 36% in 
the prior year's third quarter. The higher expense level in the third quarter primarily resulted from the expensing of 
stock options in 2006. If stock option expenses were included in both periods, SG&A expenses would have been higher 
than last year by 0.4% of sales ex-precious metals. Costs associated with the recently announced strategic partnership 


program and the merger of the endodontic and implant divisions also resulted in higher costs in the current period. 
Year-to-date, our selling, general and administrative expenses would be lower by 0.7% of sales ex-precious metals if 
stock option expenses were included in both periods. You should also note that the immediate vesting of Gary's 
options, as part of his retirement, will require a pre-tax charge of an additional $2.5 million or $0.01 per diluted share. 

Our stock option expense for the year is estimated to impact earnings $0.10 per diluted share and approximately $0.04 
per diluted share of the charge will be occurring in the fourth quarter. Additional margins for the quarter were 18% 
compared to a negative 13.6% in the third quarter of last year. Operating margins based on sales, excluding precious 
metals, were 19.9% compared to a negative 15.2% last year in the same period. Operating margins based on sales, 
excluding precious metals, for competitive purposes excluding restructurings and other related items and including 
stock option expenses in both periods, would have been 20.2% in the third quarter of 2006 and 18.8% in the third 
quarter of 2005, or an improvement of 140 basis points. This improvement is being driven by favorable product and 
product line mix, improved operational leverage, lean manufacturing initiatives, and from the decision to close the 
pharmaceutical facility last year. 

We continue to expect the improvement in operating margins, excluding restructuring and other related items, and 
including stock option expensing for the year will be approximately 50 to 100 basis points better than in 2005 on a 
comparable basis as we expect the operating margins in the fourth quarter to be negatively impacted by the additional 
expenses and negative sales impacts from the strategic partnership initiative, as well as the higher stock option expense, 
I previously mentioned. We continue to expect improvements in our operating margins over the next few years as we 
benefit from both product and product line mix and operational efficiencies. 

Net interest and other expense in the third quarter was $100,000 compared to $2.9 million in the third quarter last year. 
Net interest expense was reduced by $3 million in the quarter. This was slightly offset by an increase in other expenses 
occurring mostly from a slight foreign exchange transaction loss. The corporate tax rate in the third quarter of 2006 was 
37%. The corporate tax rate though in the third quarter last year was distorted by the impairment charge in that period, 
which had a negative impact of 31.2 percentage points. The third quarters operational tax rate was 32.8% in 2006 and 
31% year-to-date. 

The quarter also included a $3.4 million negative impact from tax adjustments compared with positive $1.1 million 
adjustment in the third quarter last year. We anticipate favorable tax adjustments in the fourth quarter of this year 
associated with our tax planning initiatives. Net income in the third quarter of 2006 was 49.4 million or $0.31 per 
diluted share compared to a net loss of 60.8 million or $0.39 per diluted share in the third quarter of 2005. On an 
adjusted basis, net income excluding restructuring costs and tax adjustments, but including the expensing of stock 
options in both periods, which constitute the non-GAAP measure, was $52.2 million or $0.33 per diluted share in 2006 
compared to $46.9 million or $0.30 per diluted share in the third quarter of 2005. This represents a 10% increase in 
earnings per diluted share on an adjusted basis non-GAAP in the third quarter of 2006. 

Cash flow from operating activities was $66.7 million in the third quarter of 2006 compared to $66.4 million in the 
same period last year. Cash flow was close to flat in the quarter, however, the year-to-date operating cash flow is 21.3% 
higher than last year even with the cash outflow in 2006, for the tax payments that was associated with the repatriation 
of foreign earnings made in the fourth quarter of 2005. Capital expenditures in the quarter were $13 million with 
depreciation and amortization for the third quarter of 2006 of 12 million. 

Inventory days were 98 at the end of the third quarter of 2006 compared to 97 at the end of the third quarter last year, 
and 90 days at the end of 2005. We expect inventory days to be in the low-90s by year-end. Receivable days stood at 
63 days at the end of the third quarter compared to the 52 days achieved at year-end and 57 days at the end of the third 
quarter last year. Receivables for the quarter were negatively impacted by higher level of sales at the end of the quarter 
and from slower payment at quarter-end by discontinued dealers. We expect receivable days, though, to be in the low to 
mid-50s by year-end as discontinued dealer balances are cleared up and collection of third quarter buy forwards are 
cleared. 

At the end of the third quarter of 2006, we had $460 million in cash and short-term investment. I also want to let you 
know that we have determined that the classification of short-term investments should be revised from their prior 


presentation as cash equivalents. We plan to reclassify our short-term investments and restate our Form 10-K for the 
year ended December 31, 2005 and our Forms 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2006 and June 30, 2006, to 
reflect the required change. This proposed restatement has no impact on net sales, net income, earnings per share, 
current assets, total assets, stockholders' equity, or cash flows from operating activities. 

Long-term debt was $329 million at the end of the third quarter. In addition, we had 443 million of short-term debt and 
a derivative liability value of 24 million. DENTSPLY repurchased 19.9 million of stock approximately 700,000 shares 

– post-split shares at an average price of 29.88 in the third quarter. The company expects to have the entire amount of 
its current authorization, which is to maintain up to 11 million of treasury stock repurchased at the end of the fourth 
quarter. 
Now Gary will comment on our earnings guidance. 

Gary K. Kunkle, Jr., Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Bill. We are pleased with the third quarter results and think it represents our continued good performance for 
2006. As we look at the fourth quarter, we expect to see the effect of the run-off of remaining inventories in 
discontinued dealers in the US and the impact of inventory requirements for our retained dealers being considerably 
less as they operate their business with higher inventory turns, plus they will have a residual inventory in Q4 as several 
bought in extra inventory prior to our October 1st price increase. 

As the strategic partnership program in the US is a US initiative only, we had already communicated that the impact of 
this initiative would result in a negative growth in the US for Q4 and estimated that the worldwide internal growth for 
the year would end up between 4 and 5%. While we are extremely excited about what this initiative will mean to our 
future, we have no historic precedent to guide us in the estimation of its short-term impacts. Therefore, we are more 
comfortable in estimating the full-year growth to be on the lower side of that range. 

We had previously provided EPS guidance for the full year of $1.38 to $1.42. This excludes any tax adjustments, 
restructuring and other items. It does include however an increase in charges from increased stock option expenses Bill 
had described. Normally just late in the year we would be narrowing this range, again, however, without precedent to 
guide us regarding the short-term impact of our US strategic partnership program or maintaining this range and would 
suggest the low to mid part of this range as a more conservative estimate. Also, we still expect a non-operational gain 
in the fourth quarter of $0.04 to $0.05, which is not included in the guidance of $1.38 to $1.42. 

We expect the start-up impact of our strategic partnership initiative to be primarily a 2000 (sic) [2006] event, so this 
quarter, Q4, should be the final quarter to have any significant impact as we transition to fewer distributors. And if 
there is any carryover into 2007, we anticipate that it will be offset by improved performance in the latter half of the 
year. That concludes my formal remarks, and we'll now be pleased to answer any questions that you may have. 
Amanda, if you would set the call up for Q&A, I appreciate it. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Absolutely. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Steven Postal of Lehman Brothers. 

<Q - Steven Postal>: Thanks a lot and good morning. 

<A - Gary Kunkle, Jr.>: Good morning. 

<Q - Steven Postal>: Can you elaborate on your comments on the new distribution program perhaps how that – how 
you thought that impacted the sales growth in the US in the quarter and can you provide any specificity in terms of the 
expenses as a result of that program? 


<A - Gary Kunkle, Jr.>: I'll deal with expenses, first, I believe we stated when we had the call on before, it was 
around 3 to 4 million and that we incurred slightly more then half of that in the third quarter and the balance would be 
in this quarter, fourth quarter. With respect to trying to estimate the impact in the third quarter, Steve, it is really a 
challenge. I can give you some data that might help, but again it's just an estimate. If you look at the discontinued 
distributors performance in Q3, they were down over 40% across the board. You don't know what they would have 
done otherwise, but just for an analogy if you assume that they would have done as well as the average distributor that 
was retained, it probably moved the internal growth up in the US over 5%. But as I said before, it's a difficult thing to 
estimate. 

<Q - Steven Postal>: Fair enough. A question on the SG&A growth and I know Gary, you've talked about building up 
the sales force a bit and it sounds like in some of the specialty businesses, can you just talk about two things related to 
that? One, how that may have impacted the SG&A growth in the quarter, and then two, just generally speaking where 
you are in the build out of the sales force? 

<A - Gary Kunkle, Jr.>: Well, I'll talk about sales force and I'll let Bill comment on the SG&A because I think he did 
cover that in his comments, so he can just go over it again. We're probably looking at how to use our resources more 
effectively than just adding people, Steve, and the initiatives that Bret went over was very important because we've had 
a large sales force in endodontics for sometime. Most of the growth in that business came as a results of moving people 

– not the growth of the segment, but growth moving people to nickel titanium which is rotary driven, which is a 
technique that requires extensive training so that organization is very big, very talented and has great resources for 
clinical education and identically to what you need in implants. So, that's why we merged those two so we can benefit 
from that resource and get better utilization of the talent and experience we have in that particular sales force. 
<A - William Jellison>: Yeah, just a further comment on the SG&A side. Keep in mind that this year SG&A costs on 
a quarterly basis have additional expenses in them just from the stock option expensing of about $4 million on average. 
And as I mentioned earlier, that number is probably going to closer to about $8 million in the fourth quarter, both 
because of kind of the fourth quarter period, but also because of the vesting of Gary's options. If you exclude those 
stock option expenses, we would have been still been higher as a percent of ex-precious metals versus SG&A in the 
quarter because of the additional expenses that we talked about, both for the combination of the endodontic and implant 
businesses, as well as the US strategic partnership program. However, on a year-to-date basis, if you exclude that stock 
option expense, our SG&A expenses as a percent were actually down 0.7%. So, we do expect to continue to kind of 
lever our overall operating margins and of that operating margin improvement, we are still comfortable with about 
roughly two-thirds of that coming in the gross margin category and about a third to a quarter of it coming in the SG&A 
category 

<Q - Steven Postal>: Okay. And then just one clarification, Bill, I think you mentioned this, but when you talked about 
the favorable tax adjustments in quarter two, is that excluded from the guidance? 

<A - William Jellison>: That's excluded from the guidance that we have got here. The items that I talked about and 
that Gary kind of alluded too, there is actually two pieces of additional types of gains. One, we think that we are going 
to benefit from some of the tax adjustments in the 4th Q and we also expect that we may have a sale or a gain on a sale 
of a facility that we have had up for sale for a couple of years and we are expecting that that should be closed hopefully 
in the fourth quarter. 

<Q - Steven Postal>: Okay. Thanks a lot. 

Operator 

And our next question comes now from Frank Pinkerton, Banc of America Securities. 

<Q - Frank Pinkerton>: Thanks for taking my question. Gary, if you can just talk us through Japan. A little surprised 
that that market actually grew as quickly as it did. Is that a comp, is that new product launches, what drove the growth 
in Japan? 


<A - Gary Kunkle, Jr.>: I would say it's more penetration of the existing products we have and a lot of result from us, 
a considered effort last year in making the organization more effective. We're very pleased with that growth because as 
I said in the call earlier that most people still believe that market is flat. 

<Q - Frank Pinkerton>: And I know historically you've spoken to the challenges of getting new products approved in 
Japan versus some of the other countries around the world, is that still the case or has there been a way around or a way 
of improving the time line to approval for some of your products there? 

<A - Gary Kunkle, Jr.>: No, I don't think that's changed much. I think we have gotten better. I don't think the 
regulatory pathway has gotten any easier, though. 

<Q - Frank Pinkerton>: Okay. Great. And shifting over just to ask maybe a couple of questions on the new sales force 
effort with the implant side going through to endodontists. Basically, is the endodontal market ready for this, isn't there 
a necessary kind of base amount of capital equipment and other things need to be purchased in order to do implants on 
a regular basis and what gives you, I guess, kind of the confidence that the endodontists are ready to step up and do 
some of these kind of capital expenditures and other things to start adopting implants more? 

<A - Bret Wise>: Frank, this is Bret, let me try to address that. There is a couple of things going on with that market 
that are notable. One is that today in the US, the implant market is served about 90% by oral surgeons or 
prosthodontists and only about 10% by general practitioners. Whereas in Europe, that balance is 50-50. So, as the 
implant market continues to grow probably close to 20% in the US, we're quickly going to outstrip the capacity of the 
market to serve – to do those procedures, if we don't get more of the general practitioner market doing implant 
procedures. As you look at the general practitioner population, the part of that population that's most likely we think to 
move towards implant procedures as part of their practice are probably the people that are already doing some sort of 
surgical procedure and in this case, we think the most likely comparison is an endodontic procedure. So, our sales force 
is directed towards helping those people obviously save the natural tooth structure as long as possible, but when you 
can no longer save it, you have to extract the tooth, either do a crown and bridge or do an implant procedure and we're 
trying to serve that market fully. There is an investment needed to get into that market, although it's pretty modest, 
probably in the $10,000 range to get the surgical kit and we think that the ability to grow profits in the dental practice 
probably far offset that initial investment. So, we don't view that as a significant barrier. 

<Q - Frank Pinkerton>: Okay. Great. And then just final question on the share repo, it looks as if you are bumping up 
against what is the, I guess, authorization from a standpoint, number of treasury shares. Is there a plan to potentially 
change that or how do you view the share repurchase moving over the next couple of years? Thanks. 

<A - William Jellison>: I think that our Board – management and the Board obviously reviews that level at any point 
in time and as we kind of are running through that, we do expect to have that fully completed and to have the full 11 
million shares of treasury by the end of the year. I think that you should expect that we are at least discussing that. And 
if you look at kind of where our overall cash flow is, as well as our debt to cap position even with expectations on the 
acquisition front, I think that over the next few years you will probably see us active both on the acquisition side, as 
well as in the stock repurchase side. 

<Q - Frank Pinkerton>: Great. Thank you guys. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] We will take our next question now from Anthony Ostrea of JMP Securities. 

<Q - Anthony Ostrea>: Hi, good morning guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Couple of questions here, on your 
new products, Gary or Bret I guess, are there any of those new products, you said, you mentioned – you have 
introduced over 25, I guess, this year, the historical rate being 20 to 25 per year. Are there any one or couple of 
products out there, which could be kind of blockbuster products that you would point out to? 


<A - Bret Wise>: Yeah, Anthony, this is Bret. Let me try to address that. As I mentioned in the earlier comments, most 
products in dentistry are small and that's true of most of the items we've commented on throughout the year. However, 
we have commented on two new bracket systems that are being launched. One is called Innovation C, which we were 
talking about this morning, which is the ceramic bracket that can get interactive with the wire without the need for a 
visible metal clip. I think that one could be a very big product. 

We also launched Innovation L earlier in the year, which is the lingual bracket, the brackets are on the backside of the 
teeth and that's also an interactive system. So, that has potential to grow rapidly. The third one I mentioned that we 
didn't talk about today, but we talked about earlier in the year was Cercon Eye and Cercon Art, which is Cercon Eye is 
the scanner that we use to connect to our Cercon unit that is very modestly priced, but a very accurate scanning unit and 
can enhance the efficiency of the lab using Cercon restoration and Cercon Art added the true CAD/CAM capability to 
that system. So, both of those have been very good products for us so far this year and we expect those two to continue 
to grow rapidly as we launch that around the world. 

<Q - Anthony Ostrea>: I am sorry. 

<A - Bret Wise>: Those are examples of products that probably have more potential than the kind of the 3 to 5 million 
range. They could easily be above that. 

<Q - Anthony Ostrea>: Okay. That was my next question. And what's the longevity for these new products like – I 
know you mentioned 3 of them or 3 or 4 of them right now, but do you expect the follow through or it to follow 
through, I guess, into next year and maybe the year after? 

<A - Bret Wise>: Generally speaking, it takes several years to get the product up its potential. So, yeah, I would expect 
continued growth over the next several years of all the products we mentioned today. 

<Q - Anthony Ostrea>: Okay. And then my next question has to do with your merging of your endo and implant sales 
force. I guess the question there is, have all your sales people been trained or cross-trained on your products, at this 
time? 

<A - Bret Wise>: No, that's in process in the fourth quarter. We've begun that process. I think we've had 2 or 3 
regional training sessions, but we have several to go yet. They will all be completed in fourth quarter. And the 
combination of the sales bag, the true launching of that initiative is January 1, where everybody will be trained in both 
product categories and we'll be ramping up the sales and marketing support, as well as the clinical education support. 

<Q - Anthony Ostrea>: Okay. And then, a just couple of housekeeping questions for Bill. The stock option expense in 
the quarter, was that about 5 plus million? 

<A - William Jellison>: For this quarter? 

<Q - Anthony Ostrea>: Yes. 

<A - William Jellison>: I don't have the exact number for this quarter, but on average it's been a little bit over $4 
million. 

<Q - Anthony Ostrea>: Okay. Because it wasn't after-tax impact $0.02 anyway, I can go through... 

<A - William Jellison>: Yeah. It's about $0.02 a quarter for each of the first 3 quarters and it's going to be about $0.04 
a quarter in the fourth quarter. 

<Q - Anthony Ostrea>: Okay. And then on the tax adjustments, can you just give a little more color on what that – I 
think it was 3.4 million in tax adjustment that you had in the quarter? 

<A - William Jellison>: Sure. The tax adjustments actually include a book to provision adjustment that took place as 
we took a look at our – the repatriation of the earnings adjustment that we had last year when we brought back our 
foreign earnings and then also some reserves that are being established to support some of our foreign audits. 

<Q - Anthony Ostrea>: Okay. 


<A - William Jellison>: We're expecting – while the overall operating rate was actually a little bit more negative in the 
third quarter, we would expect that that – that even the operating rate should be more favorable in the fourth quarter 
and keep in mind that the R&D tax credit is still out there unapproved. We expect that that's going to get approved that 
would obviously help the overall rate in the fourth period. 

<Q - Anthony Ostrea>: What was that operating tax rate, again, in Q3 and for the year-to-date number? 

<A - William Jellison>: Hang on one second. Let me just grab it here. The tax rate in the third quarter was 32.8% and 
year-to-date it's 31% and right now, we're still expecting that for the year again with the approval of the R&D tax credit 
that it would probably be in the mid-to-low 30% range. 

<Q - Anthony Ostrea>: Great. Thanks for taking my question. 

Operator 

Now we have a question from Greg Halter, Great Lakes Review. 

<Q - Greg Halter>: Good morning guys and congrats on good numbers. I noticed the figure of the short-term debt 
$443 million, just wonder what you're plans with the debt going forward given that's coming due, I think, in the next 
probably three months or lot of it? 

<A - William Jellison>: Yeah, it – a lot of debt of the Eurobond side will be paid off here before we get to the end of 
the year, Greg, and that's why we've got that cash balances out there. That's also why that short-term debt is classified 
as short-term for us. 

<Q - Greg Halter>: Okay. So, basically, we'll see a reduction in the cash as well as the short-term debt figure? 

<A - William Jellison>: That's exactly right. 

<Q - Greg Halter>: Okay. And any comments on what your capital spending plans look like for 2007, at this point? 

<A - Bret Wise>: Greg, this is Bret. We're in the middle actually of our budget process for next year at this point. 
We've kind of been running in that 55 to $65 million range, absent some unusual event and I would expect at this point 
that that's where we will be. But we haven't completed that process yet, and I don't know if we are going to have any 
additional investments above or below that. 

<Q - Greg Halter>: Okay. And any comment on what you are seeing regarding the acquisition front, company's level 
of interest and activity there? 

<A - Gary Kunkle, Jr.>: Well, we continue to be very active in pursuing it. We have even recently had conversations 
with the targets that we have to keep in touch. But, we faced the same problem we faced for a while now and that's that 
most of the acquisition candidates are private and the decision is a personal family one, not necessarily something that 
is standing in the way of them strategically wanting to do this at some point in time. So, it's a timing issue. 

<Q - Greg Halter>: Okay. And regarding the innovation side of things that you are looking at with some of the 
initiatives you've had over the last couple of years, can you discuss any new developments that may be coming out of 
that initiative? 

<A - Gary Kunkle, Jr.>: Could you be more specific? 

<Q - Greg Halter>: Some of the things you've done with some of the schools I think in Atlanta and so forth, some of 
these new products and projects that you've been working on. 

<A - Gary Kunkle, Jr.>: Okay. I thought you were talking about some of the initiatives we have that we also consider 
innovative. We continue to work with Georgia Tech and others and we are happy with the progress. I can't be specific 
because I just don't want to let competition know what's coming through the pipeline. 


<Q - Greg Halter>: Okay. And Bill one last one for you, what would you expect the company's tax rate – core tax rate 
to be in 2007 for the full year? 

<A - William Jellison>: Again, as Bret mentioned, we are kind of right in the middle of our budget review process, 
until we've seen kind of breakdown of that, we really aren't sure. Right now, for estimation purposes, I would probably 
say kind of in the maybe 30.5 to 31% range at least for now, but that really depends on kind of the mix of our 
businesses and what we are looking at for the final plan. 

<Q - Greg Halter>: Okay. And that's about the range you are looking for the fourth quarter as well on an operational 
basis? 

<A - William Jellison>: Right. 

<Q - Greg Halter>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

We now have a question from Jeff Johnson of Robert Baird. 

<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking the question. I apologize I joined the call late so hopefully these 
issues aren't a repeat, if they are we can just go offline if need be. But in precious metals, obviously down about 3% 
this year, 4% this quarter I am sorry, is that primarily a Germany related issue with the changes there and just the 
overall spike in the price of precious metal crowns and what have you kind of worldwide or... 

<A - Gary Kunkle, Jr.>: Well, the price effects are worldwide, but the biggest market that we have and the biggest 
user of precious metals is Germany and as that reimbursement impacts that market you are going to see a decline in 
precious metals as they switch to non-precious metals and other alternatives like Cercon. 

<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: Sure. And should we continue then just thinking trend wise maybe flat to down on a 
year-over-year basis over the next few quarters, is that fair? 

<A - Gary Kunkle, Jr.>: I think that's fair. 

<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: Yeah, fair enough. And the guidance for Q4 as we talk about the R&D tax credit here, is it 
baked into the Q4 guidance or for the full-year guidance, an assumption that that does get re-established. 

<A - Gary Kunkle, Jr.>: Yes. 

<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: Okay. And on the share repurchases, maybe I am not understanding things here, but if you 
repurchased 700,000 shares in the quarter, why did share count fall sequentially about 3 million shares? 

<A - William Jellison>: Trying to think of – that would have been – because you are talking about an average not just 
within the quarter so keep in mind we've repurchased on a cume [cumulative] basis. 

<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: Okay. 

<A - William Jellison>: Even compared to like second quarter to third quarter, you are only getting an average of what 
took place in the third – or the second quarter and we actually had quite a bit of buyback during that second quarter 
period. 

<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: Yeah, fair enough. It's that buyback in the second quarter was probably late in the quarter, is 
that the way to think about it? 

<A - William Jellison>: Yes. 

<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: Yeah. And I know the treasury stock can be billed to the 11 million shares through the current 
authorization. Where does it stand at present? 


<A - William Jellison>: We've pretty much bought back the entire amount. I think it will be, as there's any kind of 
option expensing or option items that take place in the period, we will be offsetting those, but we're pretty much 
through most of that repurchase. 

<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: So, in Q4, we shouldn't see a big drop in share count the way we did sequentially this quarter? 

<A - William Jellison>: In Q4, keep in mind, we still had about 3 million shares to pick up in the fourth Q and we 
would expect to be all the way through those. 

<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: Okay, great. And Gary, last question, I think when you talked about the distributor 
reorganization in the call about a month ago, you kind of blessed the '07 guidance that was out there and said that 
maybe some upward bias to that, are you still feeling that way, given the initial trends we've seen here this first month 
or so after the deal has been announced? 

<A - Gary Kunkle, Jr.>: Just for the sake of everyone else on the call, I did state earlier at that time that we were 
comfortable with the analyst expectations of $1.57 and I think we stated that if there was a change, we would expect 
that it would move upwards and that change is really driven by the outcome of our budget process for 2007 and we're 
right in the middle of that. So, before we would comment anything beyond what we already said, we would like to 
complete that process. 

<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: Fair enough, I appreciate it guys. Thanks. 

<A - Gary Kunkle, Jr.>: All right, thanks. 

Operator 

That does conclude today's question-and-answer period. At this time, I would like to turn the conference back over to 
Mr. Kunkle for closing remarks. 

Gary K. Kunkle, Jr., Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Amanda, and we would like to thank you all for joining the call and your continued interest in our 
company. 

Operator 

That does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation. Please have a good day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2007, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


