Company Name: Dentsply International 
Company Ticker: XRAY US 
Date: 2007-02-07 
Event Description: Q4 2006 Earnings Call 

Q4 2006 Earnings Call 

MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, everyone, and welcome to today's DENTSPLY International Fourth Quarter 2006 Earnings Release 
Conference Call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. 

For opening remarks and introductions, I would like to now turn the call over to Mr. Bret Wise, Chairman and CEO of 
DENTSPLY. Please go ahead, sir. 

Bret W. Wise, Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President 

Well, thank you, Debbie, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on our Fourth Quarter and Full Year 
2006 Earnings Conference Call. This is Bret Wise; and also with me today are Chris Clark, our Executive Vice 
President and Chief Operating Officer, and Bill Jellison, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. 

I would like to begin the call today with a few overview comments regarding both the fourth quarter and the full year 
results, and then also provide you with an update on two of our strategic initiatives that we were implementing during 
the fourth quarter. Chris Clark is going to follow my comments with an update on our new product pipeline, and then 
Bill Jellison will take you through a more detailed review of both our income statement, balance sheet, and also a few 
comments on cash flows. And, of course, following our remarks, we'll be glad to answer any question that you have. 

Before we get started, it's important to note that this conference call may include forward-looking statements involving 
risks and uncertainties. And these should be considered in conjunction with the risk factors and uncertainties described 
in the Company's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K/A, its subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and of 
course our press releases and conference call transcripts, all which have been filed with the SEC. And this conference 
call in its entirety will also be part of an 8-K filing that will available later this week on our website. 

At this point, you should have received our earnings release for both the fourth quarter and the full year of 2006. If, for 
any reason, you haven't received those, those are also available on our website. 

So starting with the fourth quarter, our reported sales during the quarter were 471.3 million, and that's an increase of 
5.4% compared to the 2005 fourth quarter, and excluding precious metal content, sales increased 5.3% for the quarter. 
This 5.3% increase, excluding precious metals, was comprised of internal, or organic, growth of 1.8% and foreign 
exchange of 3.5%. The geographic breakdown on the internal growth for the quarter -- again excluding precious metals 
-- was U.S. was lower by 5.5%, Europe grew by 8.1%, and the balance of the world grew by 5.9%. 

The results reflect both the strategic initiatives that we implemented in the fourth quarter in the U.S., but also the 
strength and diversity of our product and geographic mix, as strong growth abroad offset the lower sales in the U.S. 
during fourth quarter. 

Now, the total internal organic growth for the quarter of 1.8 was really driven by three main factors: first, strong double 
digit growth in our orthodontics and implant product categories, and also our ceramic crown and bridge product that we 
call Cercon; second, strong and improving growth in our endodontics business; and third, 19% growth in Asia, and a 
continued strong growth across all of our European business units. And I'd just add one data point on Europe: in 
Germany, our broad consumable and laboratory product lines grew 4.9% for the quarter and 4.5% for the full year, I 
think reflecting a substantial recovery from 2005, when changes in government reimbursement drove a significant 
contraction in that market. 


As expected, and as shared with you on our calls in both September and October, U.S. sales during the quarter were 
lower than the prior year, reflecting the short-term impact of our strategic partnership initiative in the U.S., a shift 
towards end-user promotions versus dealer promotions in the fourth quarter to drive the recapture of share, and the 
price increases implemented on October 1, which drove some dealers to buy ahead of those increases. And as you'll 
recall, we did implement the strategic partnership initiative at the beginning of the fourth quarter by reducing our dealer 
group to 28 strategic dealer partners from over 200 dealers that we had used previously. 

As we look at the data underlying our performance in the fourth quarter during this period of transition of the initiative, 
there's a number of items to note. 

First, our sales force is now working more closely than ever with our continuing strategic dealer partners. Today, we 
have systems in place to enhance our ability to use more accurate data and to have more focused end-user sales and 
marketing programs. I'd say we are very deep in the learning curve of using the new information and the sales tools that 
we have, and we are beginning to make progress with those, and we would expect that progress to accelerate 
throughout the year. 

Second, the impact on our internal sales growth performance in the U.S. in the fourth quarter was essentially what we 
had expected going into the initiative, reflecting the loss of replenishment to the discontinued dealers, as well as an 
emphasis on the end-user promotional activity in the fourth quarter; and again, reduction in dealer inventories 
following the October 1 price increases. 

Third, the retail sales out of our continuing 28 dealers, so this is sales from -- of our products, out of our dealers' 
inventory to end-users -- was very strong in the fourth quarter. In fact, the growth rate for the continuing dealer group, 
on a retail basis, although was strong through the first nine months of the year, increased substantially in the last three 
months of the year, and improved sequentially each month through the quarter. So, the data points we have indicate that 
these continuing dealer partners are rapidly capturing share during this transition. 

And the last thing to note is that the discontinued dealers came into the quarter with probably 60 to 90 days worth of 
inventory. We don't know for sure, or precisely how much that was; but we also permitted them to buy up to 60 days 
worth of supply during the quarter during this transition. Some of the discontinued dealers took advantage of that 
opportunity, particularly for high turnover items. So, as we look at the end of the year dealer inventories, we don't 
know for sure how much the discontinued dealers have, but they likely have inventory that will carry them – or some 
them have inventory that will carry them -- well into the first quarter of 2007. However, given the performance and the 
progress shown by our continuing dealer group, we would expect any impact on our wholesale sales from the initiative 
to be slight, or modest, during the first quarter. 

So, all told, we are very pleased with the progress we made on this initiative during the fourth quarter, and also the 
significant success demonstrated by our continuing dealer partners to recapture market share that was at risk. We now 
believe the implementation is largely behind us as we enter 2007, and we should now begin to realize the benefits. 

Also during the fourth quarter, we completed the planning for, and we implemented January 1, 2007, the merger of our 

U.S. endodontic and implant businesses. You may recall from our third quarter call that our strategy here is to leverage 
the strong product platforms we have in both endodontics and implants to improve our ability to serve the full lifecycle 
of the tooth through one combined sales bag. By the lifecycle of the tooth, what we mean is we treat – is treating and 
preserving tooth structure through an endodontic treatment where it's possible and it's in the best interest of the patient; 
and when it's no longer possible, treating the patient through a highly aesthetic implant procedure. Now this is an 
important strategic initiative for the company and for our customers as the combined – the combination gives us more 
than 200 sales persons representing one single sales bag with the combined product offerings for these two important 
dental disciplines. And in addition to a larger sales force, the business is further strengthened by integrating marketing, 
clinical education, and certain operating functions. 
I think, it's also important as it's a reflection of our strategic thinking to leverage our capabilities and our strengths 
across our operating divisions or business units to create competitive advantage for what's now a combined business, 
but in the event we don't merge businesses to create competitive advantages against -- across businesses that operate 
separately. Early indications from this initiative are that there is a real and substantial demand for this packaged 
solution, and I attended the sales force meeting to launch the combined business in the first week of January, and it was 
very obvious that we have a very excited and motivated sales force to serve both markets, and we have high confidence 
that this will generate improved results in 2007. 


Looking at the full year 2006 sales results, our growth was 5.6% and 5.2% ex-PM, and of this internal organic growth 
was 4.3%, with the balance coming from currency translation and acquisitions. Now the internal growth was driven by 
7.4% growth in Europe, 1.2% growth in the U.S. that was lowered by the effects of the strategic initiative in the fourth 
quarter obviously, and the rest of the world grew 5.6% for the full year. So again, I think, the breadth of our product 
mix and our geographic reach helped to balance of our growth performance for the full year period. We also saw a 
significant gross margin and operating margin expansion during the year reflecting our programs to improve operations 
and to capture synergies among our business units, particularly those that served like specialties or like disciplines of 
dentistry across different geographies. We are very pleased that we finished the year at the high end of our EPS 
guidance, really despite significant investment that we had in the two strategic initiatives I just mentioned. And overall, 
it was a very strong year for our business, and we are exiting the year with a lot of momentum going into 2007. 

So, accordingly, as we look at 2007, we are confident in guidance of accelerated internal growth in the range of 5 to 6% 
for the full year, and we tend to believe, we will be in the upper half of that range for the full year period. And 
although, it's still very early in the year our sales performance in January supports this performance range. On an 
earnings basis, we expect diluted earnings per share for 2007 in the range of $1.56 to $1.61, reflecting once again 
double-digit growth for profits in the upcoming year. 

At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Chris Clark, our Chief Operating Officer to provide an update on our new 
product pipeline. Chris? 

Christopher T. Clark, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer 

Thank you, Bret, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on our call this morning. I'd like to take few 
moments to provide you an update on our innovation efforts and to highlight some of our key new product 
introductions from the past year. In 2006, we introduced approximately 30 new products as well as many more product 
upgrades. This figure is slightly ahead of the long-term target of 20 to 25 new product innovations a year. Importantly, 
our innovation in 2006 was broadly distributed across our operating franchises, and it underscores the emphasis on new 
product development in each of our business platforms. 

A few highlights of new products introduced in 2006, include Innovation C, a revolutionary new ceramic orthodontic 
bracket system. As Bret indicated in November call, this system combines the benefits of an interactive bracket system 
with the strong aesthetics of ceramic brackets. This product was introduced in the late third quarter, and customer 
reaction has been tremendously positive, necessitating additional capacity investments which is really a pleasant 
problem to have. 

I'd also like to comment on the continued success of the Cercon system, our Zirconia-based crown and bridge product 
line. And as you may remember, we expanded the system in 2006 with the addition of two new products; first, Cercon 
Art, which added true CAD/CAM capabilities for the design of crown and bridge units; as well as Cercon Eye, which is 
a very accurate desktop scanning system that can be used to transmit digital data of an optically scanned model to either 
an installed Cercon unit or to another site for production of a coping. As a result of these and other innovations, our 
global Cercon business continues to be a very solid growth platform, and we've seen a significant increase in sales of 
the Cercon consumable products in approximately the 50% range in 2006. 

In addition, we have introduced several new products since our last conference call, and I'd like to highlight a couple of 
those. In the restorative area, we introduced Esthet-X Flow Compula. Flowable composites are often used as a 
restorative material of choice for smaller cavities and this product continues our focus on improving ease of use 
through packing and delivery systems. It uses a single unit dose cannula packaging to provide the benefit of more 
precise dispensing of the Esthet-X Flow Compula – Esthet-X flowable composite. This saves the practitioner both time 
and also material. 

Also in the restoratives area, we introduced Integrity TempGrip, which is an addition to our temporary cement product 
line in the U.S. Dentists use temporary cements to secure provisional restorations to the tooth surface, and this product 
delivers superior handling and performance characteristics, and it really positions us well in a product category where 
traditionally we've been underweighted in terms of market share. 

In the endodontic franchise, we introduced the VDW, a tabletop torque-controlled micro-motor, and this system is used 
for root canal preparations using nickel titanium instruments. This product provides several enhanced features that are 
really designed to facilitate the continued or ongoing conversion to nickel titanium endodontic systems, including 


self-diagnostics and a simple intuitive control panel. More importantly, as we look at our [inaudible] inventory of 
innovation projects, we continue to have a full pipeline of new products that we anticipate to bring into the market in 
the next 12 months, and we're going to be introducing many of these products at most of the major dental shows 
throughout the year. 

I'd like now to turn the call over Bill Jellison, our Chief Financial Officer, and Bill will review the financial results for 
the quarter and the year in more detail. Bill? 

William R. Jellison, Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President 

Thanks, Chris. Good morning, everyone. As Bret mentioned, net sales for the fourth quarter of 2006, increased by 
5.4%, and increased by 5.3%, excluding precious metals. Net sales for the full year were $1.81 billion, an increase of 
5.6% over last year, while sales ex-precious metals were $1.62 billion, an increase of 5.2% for the year. The impact of 
the U.S. partnership program change, earlier price increases, and the refocusing of merchandizing efforts to end-users 
negatively impacted internal sales growth for the year by slightly under 1 percentage point. 

The 2006 geographic mix of sales ex-precious metals was as follows. The U.S. represented 42% of sales, Europe was 
38% of this year, and the rest of the world was 20% of sales. As expected, the implementation of our U.S. Strategic 
Partnership Program in the fourth quarter lowered sales growth for both the quarter and full year. However, we are 
confident that it will add value to our business as we move into 2007 and beyond. We are very pleased with the 
worldwide progress being made in a number of our core businesses. Orthodontics delivered double-digit growth, 
implants grew high teens, and our all ceramic Cercon product line grew well above 20% for the year. 

Gross margins for the fourth quarter were 52.7%; that's ex-precious metals, or higher by 1.3 percentage points 
compared to the fourth quarter of 2005. Full year gross margins were 57.2% ex-precious metals, an increase of 0.9 
percentage points over last year. Margin rates were positively impacted in the quarter and for the year as product mix 
improved, operational overhead continued to be leveraged, operational efficiencies continued, and we realized cost 
savings from the previously announced closing of our pharma facility. 

SG&A expenses were $159.5 million or 37.9% of sales ex-precious metals in the fourth quarter of 2006 versus 36% in 
the fourth quarter of 2005. A higher expense level in the fourth quarter primarily resulted from the expensing of stock 
options in 2006. If stock option expenses were included in both periods, SG&A expenses would have been higher than 
last year by 0.8% of sales ex-precious metals. As mentioned on our third quarter conference call, costs associated with 
the recently announced strategic partnership program and the merger of the endodontic and implant divisions increased 
expenses in the current period. Total year SG&A was $606.4 million or 37.4% of sales ex-precious metals in 2006. 
SG&A expenses for the year would have been lower by 0.3% of sales ex-precious metals in 2006 compared to 2005, if 
stock option expenses were included in both periods. 

Operating margins were 16.9% including restructuring expense in the fourth quarter of 2006. Operating margins were 
18.9% on sales ex-precious metals in the fourth quarter of 2006, and 5.4% in the same period last year including 
restructuring and impairment charges. Operating margins ex-precious metals on a non-GAAP basis excluding 
impairment and restructuring charges and including stock option expenses in both periods were 19.3% for the fourth 
quarter of 2006 compared to 18.1% in the fourth quarter, last year. Full year operating margins were 19.4% on sales 
ex-precious metals in 2006, and 4.7% in 2005. Operating margins on sales ex-precious metals on a non-GAAP basis 
excluding impairment and restructuring charges and including stock option expenses in both periods were 19.9% in 
2006 compared to 18.5% last year or an increase of 140 basis points in 2006. 

This exceeded our earlier guidance as we finished the year stronger than expected. Also keep in mind that 
approximately half of this improvement came from the decision to sell our pharma facility, and outsource our dental 
anesthetic products. Our targeted level of improvement in operating margins on average over the next few years is 30 to 
50 basis points per year. This improvement is expected to come from new products, improved product mix, operating 
efficiencies and leveraged overhead costs. 

Net interest and other expense in the fourth quarter was $0.6 million, or $2 million higher than last year's fourth 
quarter. Interest expense was flat with last year in the quarter, while FX transaction and other expenses were each 
higher in the quarter. Net interest and other income for the full year was only $43,000, which was an improvement of 
$1.9 million from 2005. Net interest was 1.7 million in 2006 compared to an expense of 8.8 million last year, and was 
benefited in the year by the net investment hedges utilizing the Japanese yen and Swiss franc. The impact of foreign 


exchange transactions and other items was a negative $3 million in 2006 versus a gain of nearly 7 million in 2005. 

The tax rate for the fourth quarter was 17.9% compared to 96.4% in the fourth quarter of 2005. The full year tax rate in 
2006 was 28.9% compared to 36.1% in 2005. The 2006 tax rate of 28.9% included an operational rate of 30.6% 
compared to 29% in 2005. The company benefited from various tax adjustments of $4.8 million in 2006 compared to 
$8.9 million of favorable adjustments in 2005. As you know the accounting treatment for tax contingency items results 
in the reporting of the change in the period of resolution. Thus, these items can skew the reported rate in any one 
period. The operational rate was primarily higher in 2006 due to a higher mix of earnings from Germany in 2006 
compared to 2005. We believe an operational tax rate of 30.5 to 31.5% is a reasonable estimate for 2007. 

To better understand and follow some of the following comments, you may want to look at the tables included in the 
press release. Net income for the fourth quarter of 2006 was $65 million or $0.42 per share compared to a net loss of 
$0.7 million in the fourth quarter of 2005. Net income in the fourth quarter of 2006 includes the net of tax impact of 
both expensing stock options of $3.6 million or $0.02 per diluted share and of restructuring and other related items of 
$1 million or $0.01 per diluted share. The fourth quarter of 2006 also includes a net reduction to income tax expense of 
$8.8 million or $0.06 per diluted share from tax related adjustments, while the fourth quarter of 2005 included a net of 
tax impact of $67.5 million or $0.42 per diluted share for impairment of intangible assets associated with injectable 
anesthetic products and a net reduction of income tax of $5.7 million or $0.04 per diluted share related to tax 
adjustments. 

On an adjusted basis, earnings excluding restructuring and other related items and tax adjustments, but including the 
expensing of stock options in both periods, which constitutes a non-GAAP measure, were $57.1 million or $0.37 per 
diluted share in the fourth quarter of 2006 compared to $55.7 million or $0.35 per diluted share in the fourth quarter of 
2005. Diluted earnings per share in the fourth of 2006 was negatively impacted by approximately $0.02 per share as 
expected for the investments made to support our strategic initiatives, that Bret mentioned earlier, and the currency 
transaction impact. 

Net income for 2006 was $223.7 million or $1.41 per diluted share. The 2006 earnings included the following items: 
Net of income tax – net of tax impact of expensing of stock options of $13.3 million was $0.08 per diluted share; 
restructuring and other related items of $7.8 million, which is $5 million after-tax, or $0.03 per diluted share; and net 
reduction of income tax expense of $4.8 million or $0.03 per diluted share related to tax-related adjustments. The net 
income for 2005 was $45.4 million or $0.28 per diluted share, and the 2005 period includes pre-tax impairment and 
restructuring charges primarily associated with the injectable anesthetic facility and indefinite-lived intangible assets of 
$232.8 million, which is $178.9 million after-tax, or $1.10 per diluted share. Net non-recurring benefits related to tax 
reorganization and repatriation activities of $8.9 million or $0.05 per diluted share. Net income for comparability 
analysis, including stock option expensing in both periods, and excluding the other items noted above for the years 
ending 2006 and 2005, which constitutes a non-GAAP measure, were $224 million or $1.42 per diluted share for 2006 
compared to $1.24 in 2005, an increase of 14.5%. 

Now, let's look at cash flow and a few of the balance sheet items. Operating cash flow ended strong with $115 million 
generated in the fourth quarter of 2006 and operating cash flows for the year were approximately $275 million 
compared to $233 million in 2005 or an increase of 18%. Capital expenditures were $51 million for the year yielding 
free cash flow, which is operating cash flow less capital expenditures and dividends, of about $202 million for the year. 
Depreciation and amortization for the year was $50.4 million. Capital expenditures in 2007 are projected to be about 55 
to $60 million with depreciation and amortization expected to be in the $55 million range. Inventory days ended the 
year at 96 days for 2006 or 6 days higher than last year and two days lower than at the end of the third quarter of 2006. 
Receivable days ended 2006 at 57 days compared to 63 days at the end of the third quarter of 2006 and the record low 
of 52 days at the end of 2005. 

The balance sheet is in a strong position at the end of 2006. During the fourth quarter of 2006, we paid off our 350 
million Eurobond primarily with cash. The year ended with $65 million in cash and short-term investments compared 
to $434 million at the end of 2005. Total debt was $370 million at the end of 2006 compared to $682 million at the end 
of 2005 reflecting a retirement of the Eurobond. DENTSPLY repurchased 9.7 million shares for $294 million at an 
average price of $0.3032 (sic) [$30.32] in 2006. Based on the company's increased authorization to maintain up to 14 
million shares of treasury stock, we still have approximately 3 million shares available for repurchase. 

That concludes our prepared remarks, and we'd be glad to answer any questions that any of you may have at this time. 


Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And, ladies and gentlemen, our first question today comes from Suey Wong with 
Robert Baird. 

<Q - Suey Wong>: Thank you. Congrats on the quarter here and also the year. 

<A - Bret Wise>: Thanks, Suey. 

<A - William Jellison>: Thanks, Suey. 

<Q - Suey Wong>: Three relatively quick questions here, with all the changes you've made in the US, when do you 
expect the business trends to normalize here, with the sell-through being similar to historical patterns? 

<A - Bret Wise>: Suey, I think that, as we look at the data points that we have related to the strategic partnership 
program, we really think that a large part of the transition happened in the fourth quarter. There may be some lingering 
effect in the first quarter, but we would expect to have pretty good US sales in the fourth quarter, maybe close to a 
normalized sales level. If there is any downside to that, we would expect it to be modest. The endodontics and implant 
merger, we did the training for the sales force in the fourth quarter; and again, we went from a sales force of about a 
150-plus for endodontics and 30 to 40-plus for implants to a combined sales force of about 200. So everyone essentially 
learned a new discipline at dentistry in that sales force. So their uptake on selling the combined bag, I think, will be 
gradual, and it will take place throughout the year. So, at this point, I don't see any negative implications from that; 
only positive implications that should grow throughout the year. 

<Q - Suey Wong>: Good, good. Turning over to Germany here, it looks like the rebound in Germany continues, but 
could you give us an outlook for Germany, breaking out the regular general dental business and also lab business for 
2007? 

<A - Bret Wise>: Well for -- we don't usually project businesses at that level, at least not publicly -- of course, we do 
internally -- but if you look at the lab business, which took the biggest shock in 2005, with exchange and 
reimbursement; it contracted pretty significantly in 2005. As we entered this year, we expected it to grow, but to kind 
of grow from a new baseline, a lower baseline, and grow modestly coming out of the 2005 year. In 2006, that's 
basically what we saw. We saw a low- to mid-single digit growth of the lab business in Germany. I would say with the 
precious metal prices where they're at -- they're at an all time high -- it's putting a lot of pressure on precious metal 
alloys. So, those sales are being depressed; but what's compensating that for us is the Cercon product, which is growing 
rapidly. And, essentially, what's happening with our mix is we are shifting from precious metal – a large precious metal 
base to a small but growing ceramic base, Cercon, based on Zirconia technology. And I would expect those trends to 
continue for the future. The consumable business, although it was depressed in 2005, it wasn't depressed to the extent 
of the lab business; and it had a pretty good year in 2006, and we would expect that to continue in 2007. So, although 
it's too early to tell, we -- our own interpretation of the data that we have is that we are going to see a more normalized 
growth rate in Germany in 2007 and going forward. 

<Q - Suey Wong>: Bret is there anything on the legislative front that could change reimbursement again this year? 

<A - Bret Wise>: Well, there is always talk. There is more talk about medical than dental on the legislative front, but 
Germany continues to run at a deficit, and we don't know of any specific proposals that would significantly affect 
dental, but that's always possible as they look at their deficit and they try to decide what to do. Given the fact that they 
just made a major change in 2005, I would not expect one in the near term as we go forward. 

<Q - Suey Wong>: Okay. And also, could you give us an update on the lab over in China? 

<A - Bret Wise>: Oh, sure. For those on the call, early in 2006, we acquired a lab in China; and you might recall that 
our business model there was to serve our US lab customers by providing them with either copings or finished crowns 
that they could supply to their customers in the US. The ground rules we set for that was only our labs that bought our 
traditional products could use that service, and that we don't sell that product direct to the dentist in any way. 

The value proposition for our US labs was it created a way for them to compete with offshore labs that were selling 
direct to dentists in the US. And the benefit of our service in particular was the fact that we guarantee the materials 


used in the product, we guaranteed the fit, and we guaranteed the service. So it's a way for our US lab customers to 
access that offshore production -- an offshore production unit without having to worry about the material content or the 
fit. 

As we noted on earlier calls, we've continued to add capacity in that business as customers demanded throughout the 
year. I would say, sequentially throughout the year, we were increasing the business almost every month and setting 
new production records every month. We've continued to add capacity to that business unit, but -- and all things 
considered, it's still relatively small business unit for us. And it's really there to be used by our US lab customers, and 
it's driven by their demand. So, I think it's going well. It's kind of going as planned, and we continue to see more and 
more US labs using this service, including many of the labs that resisted it at the outset when we announced it a year 
ago. 

<Q - Suey Wong>: Excellent. Thank you very much. 

<A - Bret Wise>: Okay. Thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question is from Anthony Ostrea with JMP Securities. 

<Q - Anthony Ostrea>: Hi. Good morning, guys, and congratulations on a good quarter. 

<A - Bret Wise>: Thanks. 

<A - William Jellison>: Thank you. 

<Q - Anthony Ostrea>: Couple of questions here. One, Bret, I think you spoke in your prepared comments about 
pretty robust end user sales for the 28 retained US dealers in Q4. Can you kind of quantify that number, and maybe 
give the Q4 number versus the first nine months number? 

<A - Bret Wise>: I am a little resistant to do that, Anthony, because there is a lot of moving parts in that data, 
including the number of selling days for each dealer, et cetera. But what we are willing to say is that, of course, these 
28 dealers as a group were our fastest growing dealer group going into the initiative, and they grew at or above market 
going into the initiative. And we are very pleased to see that their growth accelerated in each month -- October, 
November, December -- and ended very strong for the year. So, it's evidence to us of two things: one, that those 
continuing strategic dealer partners are really aggressively going after the market share that was freed up by the 
initiative; and that that's been supported by our end user promotional campaigns to try to convert that end user -- those 
end user sales over to them. 

<Q - Anthony Ostrea>: Okay. And then, sticking with the US dealer program, are you -- does your systems, or do 
your systems, allow you to see or maybe quantify any fallout from end users, in terms of purchasing DENTSPLY 
products? 

<A - Christopher Clark>: Yeah. Anthony, this is Chris. The data that we receive, obviously, is from the continuing 
distributors. So we are receiving and have historical data at a transactional level going back for their customers. 
Obviously, we don't have visibility to the customers for the non-continuing distributors. So, as such, no, we would not 
see -- really have access to the data you are inquiring about. 

<Q - Anthony Ostrea>: But, I guess, let me ask the question a little differently. If you take the – more or less, the 
increase in sales from the 28 against what you would consider normalized sales levels, and -- would you say that the 
impact from that new program is pretty de minimis? 

<A - Christopher Clark>: No. I guess I would say that, as Bret mentioned, it's indicative that we're seeing them 
gathering additional customers. And I think one key thing to keep in mind is that the average dentist buys from more 
than one distributor. So, in many cases, if they were buying from a discontinued distributor previously to us 
implementing the program, Anthony, they were also buying from, most likely from at least one of our continuing 
distributors as well. So, in that case, it would show up as -- through the transactional data as additional sales, obviously, 
or sales growth for an existing customer, with our -- with one of our continuing distributors; and that is, in fact, what 
we are seeing. 


<Q - Anthony Ostrea>: Okay. And then, may be it's too early, but are you able to may be give us some examples as to 
how you're able to monetize that end user data that you're now receiving from the 28? 

<A - Bret Wise>: I am sorry, how we are able to -


<Q - Anthony Ostrea>: Kind of monetize that end user data, or may be shift around marketing programs, or 
advertising [inaudible] -


<A - Bret Wise>: Oh, absolutely. Again, with that transactional data, let me talk first on the sales side, and then I will 
talk on the marketing side. On the sales side, it really enables our sales reps to have the visibility, first in terms of who 
are the right customers to be calling on; secondly, candidly, what is the right time to call on them -- was there a brand 
conversion, did someone move away from our brands -- and thirdly, we can obviously know what they're buying and 
what they're not buying, so we can take -- custom tailor our message much more effectively. And again, a lot of our 
sales training of our sales organization with this data has focused in on those concepts. And again, as Bret mentioned, I 
think we are getting better with utilizing that every day. 

On the marketing side, again, we're, with the transactional data, able to use much more of a targeted or rifle-shot 
approach, again going after the right people with the right message at the right time. And again, our marketing 
organizations have really strongly embraced the transactional data and have put together a series of campaigns and 
programs and promotional approaches that are very different from historically what we've done. And we are very 
excited about the preliminary results of that. And again, I think this is a case where we are going to continue to get 
better and more effective with this as we move on. We are in the early days, but I guess I would say it's very 
encouraging. 

<Q - Anthony Ostrea>: Great. And then, last question before I move back into the queue here. Just on '07 guidance 
here, I just want to make sure I understand it correctly; are you guiding to 5 to 6% organic growth in '07? 

<A - Bret Wise>: Yes, Anthony, that's right; 5 to -- we call it internal, or organic, growth of 5 to 6% for the full year 
2007. 

<Q - Anthony Ostrea>: Can you also comment ma be on gross margin and operating margin expansion? 

<A - Bret Wise>: We really don't talk specifically about that for the year. It's just in our earnings guidance that we've 
given, Anthony. What we've stated, really, around the operating margin area is that we're comfortable with the 30 to 50 
basis point improvement on average over the next 3 to 5 years. 

<Q - Anthony Ostrea>: Okay. Great. Thank you very much, and congratulations again. 

<A - Bret Wise>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question is from Steven Postal with Lehman Brothers. 

<Q - Steven Postal>: Thanks a lot, and good morning. 

<A - Bret Wise>: Good morning. 

<Q - Steven Postal>: Could you maybe elaborate on Europe? I know you mentioned in some detail about Germany, 
but with some of the other countries, can you just elaborate on trends there? 

<A - Bret Wise>: Well, overall, we've seen, really, very strong growth in Europe throughout the year. And the fact of 
the matter is, in the fourth quarter, for instance, we grew -- in all of Europe, we grew 8.1%, and I added the data point 
on Germany just because it has been a discussion point that people have wanted to know, that in Germany we grew 
those businesses 4.5%. So, it's indicative of --the rest of Europe was growing even stronger than that 8.1% rate, and 
we've seen very good performance throughout the region and all throughout 2006. 

<Q - Steven Postal>: And, it seems like you are gaining share in orthodontics; if that's the case, what would you 
attribute the growth of the business to? Would it be a pickup in the market, new products, or just improved sales 
execution? 


<A - Bret Wise>: I think a couple of things for us in orthodontics. One is that we've had a very successful series of 
new product launches, including several new bracket series that were launched over the last twelve months. We had 
Innovation L, which is a lingual bracket. We had Innovation C, which Chris talked about today. And if you go back to 
the base product in that Innovation series, we had Innovation R, that was now launched about two years ago, which is a 

– it's called a self-ligating bracket, meaning it's an active bracket. The bracket holds the wire, and it can move teeth 
faster; and that product has been hugely successful. So, that, with some of the newer products we added -- we added the 
Raintree plastic sheeting, which has been very successful for us. And on top of that, we have a -- just a terrific sales 
force that's been able to grow that business above market for many years in a row. So, I think part of it's good new 
products coming into the market, and part of it's just tremendous sales force execution. 
<Q - Steven Postal>: Okay. And then, can you maybe speak -- I know it's asked every quarter, and sometimes it's 
really out of your control, but can you speak to the acquisition environment and how you view uses of cash in '07? 

<A - Bret Wise>: Sure; and there's always timing risk when you're talking about acquisitions. So, with that caveat ... 
one of the things we did at the beginning of this year is we added new internal resources that are dedicated to business 
development. And we did that because we want more networking in the industry; we want a more active program. We 
had good resources devoted to it before, but we just added more breadth to the resources that are active in that area. I 
think it's important to note that, for us, acquisitions means more than just acquiring businesses. It can mean gaining 
access to a product line through licensing. It can be a joint R&D or marketing venture. It can be a minority interest in a 
business, rather than a majority; or it could be a traditional acquisition. So, we continue to believe that there is ample 
opportunities to grow the business by acquisition, and we would expect to participate in industry consolidation going 
forward. However, with that caveat, I would say our process and our activities are at a very high level. Yet there's 
always timing risk to getting deals done. 

<Q - Steven Postal>: Okay. And then, just a final question for me; Bret, you just alluded to it, I guess, when you were 
talking about the internal resources --or adding internal resource to business development. But, you assumed the CEO 
role at the beginning of this year; can you maybe speak to what some of your priorities will be as you assume that new 
position? 

<A - Bret Wise>: Sure, I'll be glad to. And a lot of these aren't new, because I have been part of the senior management 
team here for a number of years, and part of the strategy we've developed. But some of the things we are focusing very 
closely on are in the innovation area, we're looking at developing a series of product lines for all markets, including 
some lower-cost product lines for the developing markets. We see tremendous demand emerging in that part of the 
world, and it's – the market's kind of bifurcating. Part of the market is just coming into enough wealth to have good oral 
health and those people need low cost solutions that can retain tooth structure and improve their overall oral health, 
which relates to medical health as well. And then we see a portion of the population that's really driven towards our 
most highest aesthetic products. So, in our R&D ventures we're very focused on covering the full – both segments of 
the market, both in the developed world and the developing world. 

Another thing we're doing is, we're focusing on how we can create a competitive advantage across our platforms by 
sharing resources, sharing R&D, sharing marketing, sharing sales forces and some of the things we talked about today 
were indicative of that. And the third thing we're doing is continuing to focus very much on how to leverage cost across 
our divisions. And you see that from time to time when we'll have small restructuring charges that's usually where we 
are consolidating two divisions or two production facilities, and we're looking to generate those operating 
improvements, both to grow earnings the 30 to 50 basis points a year that Bill mentioned. But also to free up additional 
funds to fund growth initiatives, so it's for both reasons. So, those are three of the priorities that the senior team is very 
focused on. I wouldn't say those are all new. I think they are just a continuation and a growth of strategies that we've 
had and been developing over a number of years. 

<Q - Steven Postal>: Okay. Thanks very much. 

<A - Bret Wise>: Thank you. 

Operator 

And our next question is from David Veal with Morgan Stanley. 


<Q - David Veal>: Hi, thanks. Most of my questions have been answered. I'm just wondering with respect to the '07 
model, could you talk about seasonality. I mean, once upon a time the back half tended to be sort of more than 50% of 
the earnings. Could you talk about your outlook there and also maybe the outlook for CapEx and tax rate? 

<A - Bret Wise>: Okay. I'd like to start this and then Bill I think will have more specifics. But just on the seasonality 
issue, typically our quarters – our fourth quarter is strongest, our second quarter is the next strongest, first quarter is the 
third strongest, and the weakest quarter is generally the third quarter, primarily because European business really slows 
down during that period. So, I would expect that seasonality to hold for 2007. The only caveats that I would have, if 
any at all, would be in the first quarter we still wonder whether there will be some modest or slight impact from the 
final stages of the implementation of the US partnership program. But if there are, again, we would expect them to be 
modest, so I think you'll see that same seasonality that you're seeing for several years from us. And Bill, do you want 
comment on other more specific comments? 

<A - William Jellison>: Yeah. I mean, I think that we feel pretty good about the entire year at this point. But one of the 
things that we stated, especially as you look at the fourth quarter impact from 2006, we would expect that the fourth 
quarter of this year on top of the seasonality would probably be a little bit stronger than it typically would. But for the 
entire year I think we're feeling good about our expectations and really about each one the different business, kind of, 
franchise areas that we have got and what the expectations for each of them are. 

<Q - David Veal>: And any outlook for tax rate and CapEx? 

<A - William Jellison>: The tax rate, I had mentioned in the comments, we're expecting about 30.5 to 31.5% for the 
operational tax rate in '07; and from a CapEx perspective, 55 to $60 million, with depreciation and amortization falling 
in the 55-ish range. 

<Q - David Veal>: Great, thanks so much. 

<A - William Jellison>: You bet. 

Operator 

And our next question is from Greg Halter at Great Lakes Review. 

<Q - Gregory Halter>: Good morning, guys. 

<A - Bret Wise>: Good morning, Greg. 

<A>: Good morning, Greg. 

<Q - Gregory Halter>: I wonder if you could comment on the R&D side, what that would be or normally is as a 
percentage of sales? 

<A - William Jellison>: Sure, I'd be glad to do that. R&D for us by the way is made up of really two components. One 
of which is reported as R&D expense, and the other which gets reported as license fees up in cost of goods sold. So as 
you look at our R&D overall, it generally runs in the 2.7 to 3% range of sales ex-PM and that's for the internal 
development cost. The other cost, which is up in licensing fees and in costs of good sold, can typically run 1 to 1.5%. 
So all in I would say our R&D runs just kind of 4.5%. In all of '06 I think our reported R&D expense came in kind of 
2.7, 2.8% range kind of in the range that I mentioned earlier. 

<Q - Gregory Halter>: Okay, great. And given the renewal of the R&D tax credit, did you have any benefit from that 
in the fourth quarter and do you expect any in 2007? 

<A - William Jellison>: We get some benefits from that, but there is not really much of an impact additional, kind of, 
year-over-year basis between the two. But based off of that, we are constantly investing in R&D and we try to utilize 
those as much we can. 

<Q - Gregory Halter>: Okay. And looking at, 3M has introduced a product, I think its called Lava digital dentistry 
system for crowns and bridges. I just wondered if you could comment on, if you have seen that and what your thoughts 
are regarding that product. 


<A - Bret Wise>: Well, that product's been on the market for several years. I don't think that's a new product. It's a 
product, for instance, that would compete with our Cercon product, although the equipment investment I think is 
substantially higher than it would be for Cercon. It's just one of the competing products we have in that category. I don't 
think it's really any better or any worse than any others. 3M is a very good company. They are very innovative and they 
come out with good products, but the matter really I don't have anything more to comment on it. 

<Q - Gregory Halter>: Okay. And I know you had a derivative position that I believe was used hedging the debt, is 
that totally eliminated now? 

<A - Christopher Clark>: No, we always -I think that's actually one of our kind of general strategic advantages, 
because of the asset base that we have really on a geographic basis around the world that allows us to, kind of, do some 
structuring with that. And we should continue in 2007 to -- we'll continue to benefit from those activities. 

<Q - Gregory Halter>: Was that an asset or liability in December 31st and by how much? 

<A - Christopher Clark>: The specific derivative on it from the swaps was actually a liability at the end of the year 
versus a benefit. But keep in mind that the movement of the derivative is in the opposite direction of the movement in 
the underlying assets and equity. 

<Q - Gregory Halter>: Okay. And you may have touched on this earlier, but regarding uses of cash, just looking at the 
prospects for the dividend, as well as share repurchase, given that you have 3 million to buy and you bought almost 10 
million in 2006. Just wondered what the prospects are on the share repurchase going above that 3 million left to buy 
side of things? 

<A - Bret Wise>: Well I think our priorities for cash are reinvestment in the business for growth, that's either through 
traditional acquisitions or through internal means. Secondly, we do have the share buyback program, and last year we 
had a large amount of share buybacks. I wouldn't expect us to get to that level this year, but we do have the 3 million 
share authorization which is open and I would expect us to be using that to some extent during the year. And third 
priority would be dividends, and as you know, we increased the dividend 14% in September and our policy has been to 
kind of increase the dividend in line with earnings growth and we usually look at that in the third quarter of each year, 
so I would expect us to continue to do that. 

<Q - Gregory Halter>: Okay, great. Thank you, and congratulations on the very fine results. 

<A - Bret Wise>: Thank you, Greg. 

<A>: Thanks Greg. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] We'll go now to Jim Lane, Tripoint Asset Management. 

<Q>: My questions were asked, were actually answered; thank you. 

<A>: Okay, thank you. 

<A>: Thank you. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Having no further questions in queue, I'd like to turn it back to Mr. Wise for closing remarks. 

Bret W. Wise, Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President 

Okay, thank you, Debbie. Again, we're very pleased with the progress that we made in 2006, and we feel we have – 
we're entering 2007 with a lot of momentum. We thank you again for your interest in DENTSPLY, and we look 
forward to speaking with you throughout the year as we – as the year progresses. Thank you, and good-bye. 


Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in our conference. This does conclude the call, and you may 
now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2007, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


