Q2 2008 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Bret W. Wise, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• Christopher T. Clark, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer 
• William R. Jellison, Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President 
Other Participants 

• Jeffrey Johnson 
• Jeff Johnson 
• David Veal 
• Derek Leckow 
• Larry Marsh 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day everyone, and welcome to the DENTSPLY International's 2008 Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. 
Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Bret Wise, the 
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President. Please go ahead, sir. 

Bret W. Wise, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Okay. Thank you, Nikki and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on our second quarter earnings call. 
This is Bret Wise, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. With us also today is Chris Clark, Executive Vice President 
and Chief Operating Officer, and also Bill Jellison, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. 

I'd like to begin today's call with just a few overview comments regarding our results for the second quarter. I'm going 
to then ask Chris Clark to provide you with some insights on certain of the items of operational focus that we have, and 
then Bill Jellison would give you more detailed insights on the financial results. And, of course, following our prepared 
remarks, we'd be glad to answer any questions that you may have. 

Before we get started, it's important to note that this conference call may include forward-looking statements involving 
risks and uncertainties. These should be considered in conjunction with the risk factors and uncertainties described in 
the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K, our periodic reports on Form 10-Q, on our press releases and 
conference call transcripts, all of which have been filed with the SEC. And, of course, this call in its entirety will be 
part of an 8-K filing that will be available on our website. 

Last night, we were very pleased to announce very strong results for our second quarter with both sales and earnings 
increasing substantially. This reflects a continuation of the trends we've experienced in 2007 and earlier 2008; and it's 
satisfying as we strive to find the most value out of our global platform and our broad consumable product portfolio. In 
the second quarter, our sales rose 17.2% to 595 million, and gained 17.3%, excluding precious metals, to 542 million. 

This sales growth again reflects our very diversified portfolio and is comprised of internal growth of 5.9%, acquisition 
growth of 3.1%, and translation of 8.3%. Overall, we continue to experience strong global demand across many of our 


businesses and in our specialty businesses in particular. 

On a geographic basis, internal growth was once again strongest outside the US with Europe growing over 10% 
internally, the rest of the world adding approximately 8% on an internal basis, while the US was softer at 1% organic 
growth. In Europe, we continue to see the benefits of a very strong growth in most categories, and in particular all three 
of our specialty businesses and in many of our consumable categories. 

We've made some key investments in this territory this year and last, and believe that we're really starting to see the 
benefits of those investments emerge. Rest of world growth was led by double-digit growth in Asia Pacific, Latin 
America, the Middle East and Australia. We also experienced continued above market growth in Japan. We're very 
happy that the global platform that we developed is producing these results, and we view this as a strategic advantage 
for us in the global marketplace. 

As I mentioned, internal growth in US was approximately 1% and we saw some softness across many of the platforms 
we have. Our results in the US were influenced by two items of particular note. The first was lower sales in our 
anesthetic products, as last year we substantially cleared a large backlog that had built up in these products following a 
prolonged period when there was a shortage in the market. This very high comp from the prior year created a deficit in 
sales this year on a year-to-year basis. 

The second item to note is that we showed a new hand piece at the California Dental Show early in the quarter. This 
hand piece is really unique for an air-powered system. It has many of the benefits of an electric system, but also the 
benefits of a air powered system, including a light profile and a very small head. And this really only became available 
to ship very late in the quarter and in fact it's shipping now here in the third quarter. 

We believe that dentists may have delayed purchases anticipating this new product and likewise dealers probably 
worked to reduce inventories of the legacy models, anticipating this launch. So excluding these two items, internal 
growth in the US was in the low-to-mid 3% range, which is better than we reported obviously on a GAAP basis, but 
still slow by our standards. We did also continue to see some weakness in the specialty markets in US where we've 
talked for some time that we believe these markets are most vulnerable to slowing economic circumstances. 

The exceptions for us in the US would have been dental implants that grew more than 20% organically in the US in the 
quarter. And also, on our orthodontic category, our self-ligating brackets products, including In-Ovation C and our new 
lingual offering, which was called LMTM, lingual minor tooth movement, grew quite nicely during the quarter. 

I think in the US the total market is growing in the low-to-mid single digits, probably, and it's consistent with what we 
might expect in an economy that's growing 1% or less. At this point, we do know that many of our competitors have 
implemented mid-year price increases, which may be boosting their growth modestly even as volume slows a bit. We 
are planning our price increases October 1, which is consistent with our past practice, and we would expect to see some 
benefits from price begin to emerge in the fourth quarter. 

At this point, we would expect market conditions to remain where they are, perhaps a bit slower than historical levels in 
the US for another quarter or two, although we do see an opportunity to increase our US growth rate in the second half, 
given the company's specific issues that we had this quarter. Earnings for the quarter were $0.52 per share on a GAAP 
basis, a 23.8% increase from the prior year quarter, reflecting both strong sales growth and also operating margin 
expansion. And on a non-GAAP basis, which Bill will speak to you in more detail, earnings in the quarter were $0.52 
in the second quarter versus $0.44 in the prior year, or an 18.2% improvement and also on year-to-date basis 
non-GAAP earnings have risen 18.3%. 

So, it's rewarding to see our strong operating earnings trend, despite a difficult economic environment in the US, and 
again we believe this is the value of our global operating platform and it's demonstrated by a 60 basis-point expansion, 
in our operating margins year-to-date absent restructurings. 

Given our current strong performance and the position we're in, we've decided to reinvest part of our first half earnings 
improvement in expansion of sales and marketing resources in certain markets in the back half of this year. This 
investment, beyond what was contemplated at the start of the year, will require resources equal to about a penny per 


share in the back half. We are very encouraged to be in a position to both deliver on strong earnings growth and to also 
accelerate some of our investments to better position us for future years. 

So at mid-year, we're well positioned to deliver on the targets we set at the beginning of 2008. Despite our belief that it 
will take a few more quarters to see a meaningful improvement in the US dental market, we are increasing our earnings 
target for this year. Our original guidance, as you probably know for 2008, was for earnings, ex-restructuring and 
one-time tax items, to be in the range of $1.83 to a $1.88. Today, we are increasing this guidance to $1.86 to $1.91 per 
share for the full year; and of course that does take into account the expanded investment in sales and marketing in the 
second half that I mentioned earlier. 

At this time, I'd like to ask Chris Clark to give you some more insights into our plans for investment over the remainder 
of the year, as well as comment on our new product introductions in our pipeline. Chris? 

Christopher T. Clark, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer 

Thank you, Bret. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on our call this morning. I would like to take a 
few moments and provide some added color on some of the additional investments that we're making to the business to 
drive ongoing growth, and also provide an update on our innovation efforts. 

As Bret mentioned, we're continuing to make investments in the business in order to drive growth. As part of that, one 
area we've decided to invest in is in increased sales representation in certain specialty businesses, as well as in certain 
faster growing geographic regions. In certain businesses, the increase in sales representation may be as large as 15 to 
30% for that business; and we believe that adding sales reps is a very effective growth strategy for many of our 
businesses and we're pleased to be in a position to be able to make these investments for the future. 

On the innovation front, we continue to focus on leveraging the impact of new products that we've introduced in the 
past few quarters, as well as on introducing new technologies that provide clear advantages to the dentists, the 
hygienists, or the dental laboratory. In orthodontics, we continue to be very pleased, as Bret mentioned, with customer 
reaction to our self-ligating line of brackets in general. And specifically, to the In-Ovation C, our all ceramic 
self-ligating brackets, as well as In-Ovation LMTM, our new lingual minor tooth movement system that we introduced 
just last quarter. Self-ligating bracket sales were up over 20% over prior year, behind both the In-Ovation C and the 
In-Ovation LMTM technologies. 

As Bret mentioned as well, on the second quarter we introduced the Midwest ATC or air-torque control hand piece. 
This product combines really the best of both worlds, if you will, in terms of air and electric hand piece technologies by 
delivering the constant cutting speed of electrics with really the smaller profile and lighter weight of air hand pieces. 
And we do anticipate a boost in our hand piece sales in the second half of the year behind this new technology. 

During the quarter, we also introduced the Interra In-Office Nightguard, which combines an advanced light-cure resin 
material with an impression-less technique that really lets the dentist make custom night guards and splints directly in 
the oral cavity during a single patient visit. Interra builds on our successful Equips technology platform, and this has 
served as a – this provides an extensive application in the fabrication of various prosthetic appliances, so it extends that 
platform as well. 

In addition, our Restoratives business introduced SmartCem 2 Self Adhesive Cement in the quarter. This product is a 
two component, dual cure, high-strength self-adhesive which releases fluoride. It combines aesthetic shading with a 
self-edged adhesive, which makes it suitable for use with a wide range of permanent restorations and restorative 
materials. This business also introduced the calm-It desensitizer during the period. This product is designed to treat and 
prevent patient hypersensitivity to both hot and cold liquid, which is a common and painful side-effect from any 
restorative procedure. calm-It forms a physiological seal within the dentinal tubules of the tooth, helping to form an 
effective barrier to prevent sensitivity; and it can be used on a wide range of procedures ranging from crowns and 
composites to inlays and onlays. 


In short, we continue to be very pleased with the breadth and the impact of our innovation efforts and we've got a 
robust pipeline of new launches that we anticipate bringing into market during the third and fourth quarters of 2008. 

And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Bill Jellison, our Chief Financial Officer, to review the financial results for the 
quarter in more detail. Bill? 

William R. Jellison, Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President 

Good morning everyone. Net sales for the second quarter of 2008 increased by 17.2%, in total, an increase by 17.3%, 
excluding precious metals. The sales increase ex-precious metals for the quarter included a 5.9% increase from internal 
growth, 3.1% from acquisitions, and an 8.3% increase from foreign exchange translation. 

One thing I would like to point out is that this quarter, the company slightly modified its methodology for computing 
internal growth. This change better reflects organic growth in an environment where exchange rates have moved 
significantly from prior periods. The impact of this change for both the quarter and on a year-to-date basis was to 
reduce the internal growth calculation from what it would have been under the prior method. We chose to change the 
calculation now as it potentially inflated the internal growth number, and we were seeking the most accurate measure. 
We have checked prior years and there was little or no effect. Our year-to-date increase in sales ex-precious metals is 
17.3% and includes internal growth now of 5.8%, acquisition growth of 3.1%, and an increase from foreign exchange 
translation of 8.3%. 

The geographic mix of sales ex-precious metals in the second quarter of 2008 included the US at 37%, Europe 
represented 41%, and the rest of the world was 21% of sales. European and rest of the world sales increased as a 
percent of total sales as our international businesses continued to grow at a rapid pace and as the dollar continued to be 
weak compared to most other currencies. The weaker US dollar in the second quarter, compared to last year, benefited 
sales growth but had little impact on earnings in the period. Net purchase price variances caused by the weak dollar and 
higher interest expenses from our net investment hedges are once again nearly offsetting the favorable foreign 
exchange translation benefits on income in the period. 

Gross margins as a percent of sales ex-precious metals in the second quarter were 58.2%, consistent with the second 
quarter 2007. Margin rates, while flat with last year's second quarter, were negatively impacted in the quarter compared 
to the same period last year due to a negative mix impact from last year's acquisitions and purchase price variances 
caused by a weaker dollar. The negative impacts, however, were offset in the quarter as we benefited from additional 
implant sales mix and improved operating efficiencies. Beginning in the third quarter, the negative mix impact from 
acquisitions for prior-year comparisons will be reflected in the both current and prior-year periods, eliminating the 
impact on margin rates when comparing to prior periods. 

SG&A expenses were $200.9 million or 37% of sales ex-precious metals in the second quarter of 2008, versus 37.2% 
in last year's second quarter. SG&A expenses as a percent of sales were slightly lower in the period as we were able to 
better leverage expenses with the strong sales growth in the period, despite having the expense of the biannual Friadent 
symposium in the quarter. Operational margins for the quarter were 19% compared to 18.4% in the second quarter of 
last year. Operating margins based on sales, excluding precious metals, were 20.9% compared to 20.2% last year in the 
same period. And on a non-GAAP basis, excluding restructurings and other cost in both periods, operating margins 
based on sales, excluding precious metals, for comparative purposes were 21.1% in the second quarter of 2008 and 
20.9% in 2007. 

Even compared to a solid operating margin in the second quarter of 2007, we were able to improve the operating 
margin rate in the period as we benefited from a positive mix, despite the impact of recent acquisitions, and also 
benefited from the lower rate of SG&A expenses. Net interest and other expenses in the second quarter were $3.2 
million compared to income of 2.1 million in the second quarter last year. 

Higher net interest expense was the cause of the entire increase. The sharp divergence of lower US dollar interest rates 
versus increased Euro and Swiss franc rates combined with weaker US dollar were the primary causes of this change. 


The impact of the company's net investment hedges typically move in the opposite direction of currency moves, 
reducing some of the volatility caused by movement in exchange rates on the company's income and equity. This 
increase in net interest expense is expected to continue throughout this year with the US dollar weaker compared to last 
year and US interest rates below European rates. 

Additionally, the company recorded income of $1.8 million for the provisions of SFAS 157 fair value measurements. 
This is a new accounting standard impacting this year and we have excluded this benefit from our non-GAAP earnings 
this period. The corporate tax rate in the quarter was 28.5% compared to 31.6% in the second quarter of 2007. The 
year-to-date operational tax rate is approximately 27.5%. This rate reduction includes the benefits of both a lowering of 
the German corporate tax-rate, which became effective as of January 1, 2008 and the benefits of a global business and 
tax reorganization, which was recently completed. We believe we will be able to keep the full year 2008 and next year 
rate at or below this level. 

Net income in the second quarter of 2008 was $78.6 million or $0.52 per diluted share, compared to $65.4 million or 
$0.42 per diluted share in the second quarter of 2007. Earnings, excluding restructuring and other costs, income 
tax-related adjustments and the interest income from the fair value measurement adjustment which constitute a 
non-GAAP measure, were $79.4 million or $0.52 per diluted share in 2008 compared to $68 million or $0.44 per 
diluted share in the second quarter of 2007. This represents an 18.2% increase in earnings per diluted share on an 
adjusted non-GAAP basis for the second quarter of 2008. 

Cash flow from operating activities was $139 million in the first half of 2008 compared to 155 million in the same 
period last year. The cash flow in the first half of 2008 was lower than last year due to both a lower tax payment 
outflow in the first half last year and accounts receivable days starting out at a much lower level at the beginning of 
2008 versus the beginning of 2007. Year-to-date tax outflows in 2008 were approximately $25 million higher than the 
first half of 2007. 

Capital expenditures were 37 million in the first half of 2008, while depreciation and amortization were $23 million in 
the period. Inventory days were 97 at the end of the second quarter of 2008 compared to 101 days at the end of the 
second quarter last year, and 95 days at the end of 2007. 

Inventory has typically increased in the second half with a reduction in the fourth quarter. We currently expect them to 
improve to at least to the mid 90-day range, if not a little better by year-end. Receivable days were 56 days at the end of 
the second quarter of 2008 compared to 57 days at the end of second quarter and year-end of 2007. At the end of the 
second quarter of 2008, we had $423 million in cash and short-term investments. Total debt was 581 million at the end 
of the second quarter. 

DENTSPLY has repurchased $100 million of stock or approximately 2.5 million shares at an average price of $39.58 
so far in 2008. Based on the company's recently increased authorization to maintain up to 17 million shares of Treasury 
stock, we still have approximately 2.8 million shares available for repurchase. Finally, as Bret noted, we are pleased to 
be able to increase our earnings guidance for the year to $1.86 to $1.91 per diluted share, excluding income tax-related 
adjustments, restructuring and other costs and the benefit from the provisions of SFAS 157. 

That concludes our prepared remarks and thanks for your support, and we'd be glad to answer any questions that you 
may have at this time. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. Today's question-and-answer session will be conducted electronically. [Operator Instructions]. And we'll 
take our first question from Jon Wood with Banc of America Securities, I'm sorry, Bank of America. Please go ahead. 

<Q>: Thank you, good morning. 


<A>: Good morning. 

<A>: Good morning, Jon . How are you doing? 

<Q>: Good. Hey, Bret, ex the anesthetic and hand piece effect, how'd the dealer business do in the US in the first 
quarter? 

<A - Bret Wise>: In the second quarter, you mean? 

<Q>: I'm sorry. Yeah, second. 

<A - Bret Wise>: It did – I think, it was probably at market in most categories and maybe slightly under market in 
some other categories. It's difficult for us to tell, actually, whether the dealers are reducing inventories. There's been 
discussion of that in the marketplace, we're not sure if it's true or not. But if true, it would mean that you would expect 
our growth to be a little bit lower than theirs. And the data point that we'll get for that will be when the two large 
dealers announce their results and I'd ask you to keep in mind, they usually grow above market because they've been 
capturing market share. So, we think we have some room to improve that broad consumable category that goes through 
dealers, particularly when we implement our price increase October 1. 

<Q>: Okay. And I know this is probably hard for you to tell, but has there been any change in the mix of what a 
general practitioner is doing, meaning, could there be higher-valued procedures moving from specialists back to 
general practitioners if general practice visits are softening a bit. Can you see any effect like that in your numbers? 

<A - Bret Wise>: I would be really surprised if that happens because of economics, and I think that's what you're 
alluding to. Because, the amount of training and the practice risks of doing the specialties in a general practitioner 
environment, they don't change very quickly. So, for a GP to start holding back procedures he used to refer or she used 
to refer because they either weren't comfortable with them or hadn't had the requisite training would be inappropriate 
and that trend would take a long time to emerge. So frankly, we don't have very good data points on that, but 
intuitively, I would not think it would happen. If it happened it wouldn't happen very fast. 

<Q>: Okay, great. And Bret, can you just comment on the M&A environment? I mean has the mix, the pipeline, the 
M&A pipeline, changed at all, evaluations changed at all, just any comments you'd be willing to offer would be great. 
Thanks. 

<A - Bret Wise>: Okay, fine. Well, we're very active on the business development front and obviously we can't 
comment on really any specific targets or activity, although, we did close a small deal in July, kind of a tuck-under 
acquisition for one of our specialty businesses. I would characterize the environment as there's lots of activity. I don't 
think there's been a whole lot of change in valuation perspective. Sometimes a weaker market, of course, brings forth 
companies that might not otherwise be in the market. We haven't seen that, in particular, dynamic yet. But it remains a 
very fragmented market and a robust market and one that we're very active in, very busy in. We're very interested in 
expanding through deploying capital. And it's one of those things where timing is always a risk, so we'll just have to 
update you as we go through the year and next year. 

<Q>: Okay. Thanks a lot. And one last one. Bill, the change in the organic growth methodology, so the first quarter 
was revised down to around 5.8. Is that right? 

<A - William Jellison>: The first quarter would have been just that a little bit below that. We actually had a better 
performance on internal growth, if you compared to apples-to-apples in each of the periods. 

<Q>: Okay. All right. Thanks a lot 

Operator 

Our next question is from Jeff Johnson with Robert Baird. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: Good morning, guys. Nice quarter. 


<A - Christopher Clark>: Good morning, Jeff. 

<A - William Jellison>: Good morning, Jeff. How you doing? 

<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: I'm doing well. Thanks. So a few things here. Still going back to organic growth then, could 
you guys update your guidance for the year now with the change? Do we still think kind of in that 5.5, 6.5% range, is 
that how we should be thinking about it? 

<A - Bret Wise>: Yeah, Jeff. This is Bret, actually. Our guidance on internal growth is still 5.5 to 6.5% for the full year 
and I think, as Bill said, we're at like 5.8 year-to-date under this new methodology. 

<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: Right. 

<A - Bret Wise>: And we're still comfortable with that. 

<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: Okay, great. And Bill, could you give us a little insight just in how you changed it, what the 
change was? 

<A - William Jellison>: Sure. The primary difference in the change, Jeff, is that the base period included translation 
impacts before. So base growth – translation would have been calculated in the past from the base period straight up, 
and then you would have also had the difference on acquisitions taken away from that, which ultimately left the base 
growth number. But the base growth number then, in effect, had translation benefits in that. So in a rapidly moving FX 
environment, especially with strong international sales, it began to distort what that internal growth number really was, 
and it hurt you in negative periods and it helped you in the other periods. This had been a method that we'd used for the 
last few decades. But from – in this kind of environment, we felt that it was necessary to make the change. 

<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: All right. Fair enough. But it sounds like going forward especially, if FX tailwinds or 
headwinds are huge in any quarter, it doesn't really change the way we think about it too much. 

<A - Bret Wise>: Oh, and correct. And the way that it's calculated here, there's absolutely no impact from FX in either 
type of environment. 

<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: All right. Great. And then, if we could move over to Europe for a second, another strong 
quarter there and frankly, I think I've been underestimating, maybe, some of your European opportunities. But, how is 
it staying so strong, what do you think's sustainability over the back half of the year and as we get into '09 and then, 
obviously, economic headwinds have been building, especially in Germany. It seems like consumer confidence has 
been falling pretty hard there, just over the last few months. Any concerns there or am I, maybe, just wrong in thinking 
that could be an issue? 

<A - Bret Wise>: Well, I think, Jeff, this is Bret. We are executing extraordinarily well in Europe and I think we're 
clearly growing above market. Predicting what's going to happen to the European economy, in total, is very difficult for 
us. If it were to slow a little bit, I think the dental markets would slow a little bit with it. So as we look at the dynamics 
of our growth, we think we've got probably opportunities to accelerate growth in the US, and that's an upside, potential 
for us. And if markets slow in Europe, we think we'll execute just as well in slightly slower markets, as we're executing 
today. So, we're not overly concerned with it, although it's a reality. 

<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: And the main drivers, Bret again, are we talking mainly, not mainly, but Compartus at this 
point and some of your specialty businesses? 

<A - Bret Wise>: Well, actually, what I commented on in my earlier comments was it's all the specialty businesses, 
they're really performing well. But also the consumable categories, the chair side consumables are performing 
extraordinarily well. 

<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: So, okay. 

<A - Bret Wise>: So, those are the categories that I think are really driving growth there. 


<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: Okay. Any update then on Compartus there. How is that, as it kind of ramps up? 

<A - Bret Wise>: It's ramping up, fine. It's a different business model for us. It is growing rapidly, you brought that up. 
It's part of, of course it's part of the broader laboratory category, which I think is one of the slower growth categories 
within Europe. But, we're experiencing rapid growth in that centralized manufacturing service offering to our dental 
labs and European environment, and also in the US environment. 

<A - Christopher Clark>: I'd add – Jeff, it's Chris. I guess I'd also we add that we continue to expand the applications 
and now Compartus also includes the centralized manufacturing of precious metals openings as well. So that's a real 
big plus as well. 

<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: Okay. So now we're at non-precious and precious metals. 

<A - Christopher Clark>: Correct. 

<Q - Jeff Johnson>: Okay. Great. 

<A - Christopher Clark>: Plus zirconium. 

<Q - Jeff Johnson>: That's right. And last question. Bret, I think it was in your prepared remarks, when you talked 
about dental implants staying north of 20% in the US Ortho – orthodontics had some positives there. Was your 
comments on orthodontics, was that as a category it was up? Any growth rates, I guess, you can give us on orthodontics 
in the US and outside the US? 

<A - Bret Wise>: Our global orthodontics business is doing quite well, but it's stronger outside the US than within the 
US I would say – I'd characterize that ortho market as being kind of like it was the first quarter, really. I don't think it's 
accelerated from there. And what we're seeing is that we're seeing rapid growth in the newer technologies in ortho and 
we mentioned some of those: self-ligating, In-Ovation C, LMTM is a new product for us and it's doing quite nice. And 
we've got some nice product offerings coming in the second quarter. I'd say the traditional brackets, the older lines, 
kind of the things I wore as a kid, are growing less slowly as people move up the value chain. And the market, I think 
the orthodontic market in total has probably slowed a bit in the United States this year as we'd kind of predicted it 
would. But our business in total in orthodontics is kind of mid single-digits, it's doing fine. 

<Q - Jeff Johnson>: Okay. And outside the US even better than that? 

<A - Bret Wise>: And outside the US even better than that. Right. 

<Q - Jeff Johnson>: All right. Great. Thanks guys. 

<A - Bret Wise>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question is from David Veal with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 

<Q - David Veal>: Hey, Bret, I wonder if you could help us through the price increases you've – I mean we've seen 
broader medical products manufacturers raising prices fairly aggressively due to the rising price of oil. I just wondered, 
given what you've seen from competitors so far this year, are the price increases in line with what you expected, a little 
ahead of that? And then what would that mean for your October 1st price increase? 

<A - Bret Wise>: Well, that's a good question, David. I would say two things about the price increases we've seen from 
competitors. One is we've seen them accelerate them from when they normally have been or take multiple price 
increases in a single period, a single year. And that in the aggregate, the price increases seem to be above what they've 
been historically. And I don't know that it's really driven by the price of oil as much as it is other inflation or other 
impacts on costs. But I think it's fair to say that the price increases we're looking at for the fourth quarter will probably 
be above what they've historically been. 


<Q - David Veal>: Okay. That's helpful. And just one other question. Could you talk to any particular trends that you 
might have seen in the quarter on a monthly basis? I guess what I'm trying get to is did the quarter end on a high note, 
low note, about the same? 

<A - Bret Wise>: I think it's about this same. I'd really, it's diff – we try not to put a whole lot of emphasis on months, 
because, for instance, if there's one extra shipping day in a month, it's significant. It can be a 5, 7% swing versus a 
month where you've got one less shipping day. So we don't look at that as much as we look at shipments per day, for 
instance, in one business or another. And I would say June was pretty reflective of what we saw for the quarter. 

<Q - David Veal>: That's very helpful. Thank you very much. 

<A - Bret Wise>: Okay. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. And we'll take our next question from Derek Leckow with Barrington Research. Please go 
ahead. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: Thanks, good morning. And congratulations on a great quarter. 

<A - Bret Wise>: Thanks, Derek. 

<A - Christopher Clark>: Thanks, Derek. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: This 5.5 to 6.5 % internal growth guidance, does that assume that the US market stays around 
that 3% level, excluding the anesthetic backlog last year? 

<A - Bret Wise>: I'd like to not to be that specific, although we see opportunities for the US, for us to do a little bit 
better in the US market, certainly. Certainly, we should able to do, we think, better than our year-to-date growth rate 
that we've seen in the US market, because of some of the company specific issues that you've commented on. So we see 
a little bit of upside in the US market and that's – we see some – and we're kind of balancing that off as we watch 
Europe to make sure that it doesn't slow. So, whether that's baked into the 5.5 to 6.5%, its a little difficult to tell, but 
we're certainly got – we certainly have a number of dynamics we're watching very closely and in total that gives us 
comfort we can be in that range. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: This sales and marketing resource expansion involve any additional sales reps in the US.? 

<A - Bret Wise>: It does. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: In which categories, specifically? 

<A - Bret Wise>: Well, we think our competitors would really like to know that, and we'd like not for them to know 
that. So we're going to decline to answer that, but it's not only in the US, there's some other areas outside the US where 
we will be adding some sales resources. But I will confirm that some of those resources are for US businesses. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: And would these be in the faster growing parts of your business or would they also be in sort of 
the basic consumables area? 

<A - Bret Wise>: They'll be in both. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: Okay. All right. And if we look at the strong rest of the world and European growth, could you 
characterize that growth based on sort of the newest products, I mean, the products launched in the last 12 months 
versus your existing portfolio? 

<A - Bret Wise>: That's really difficult to do. What I would characterize it as, is that those specialty businesses are 
growing really rapidly kind of in all territories outside the US. They're some of our fastest growing categories and of 
course, when you drill down within those categories, I mean we have 300,000 SKUs. So it's a – there's a lot of moving 


parts. But when you drill down within those categories, for instance, we talked about orthodontics; the newer products 
are growing much faster than what we'll call the legacy products. So, I think it's reasonable for you to assume that, but 
the level of detail you have to get into to really understand and model that would be immense. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: Okay. And then just looking at the operating margin trends here, I mean, looks like a 21.1% 
operating margin is a new record. Do you guys anticipate that to be a sustainable number, I mean, 21% or better, or do 
you think that with these investments, we might see that notch down a little bit over the back half of the year? 

<A - Bret Wise>: Well, it's interesting, because you have to kind of look by quarter, because our margins tend to be the 
highest in the second quarter and the fourth quarter. And you're right, the 21.1, I think, is a record for us. We kind of 
looked at that as an opportunity to take some of the first half earnings and reinvest it for growth in the future and so 
that's what we're doing and thus, I think it would be a little bit harder for us to achieve that in the second half than what 
we had in the first half, excuse me, compared to what we had in the second quarter. Although, we'll confirm we expect 
to have margin expansion for the full year, kind of in line with targets we've established. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: Okay. Great. Thank you very much. 

<A - Bret Wise>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

And our next question is from Larry Marsh with Lehman brothers. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Larry Marsh>: Thanks, good morning. Hi, Bret and Bill. I hadn't interacted in a while. Let me – just wanted to 
get a couple of clarifications if I could, and pardon me if you've gone through this. But Bill, you're saying that the 
methodology of calculating internal growth gives you 5.8% year-to-date, so you're saying the first quarter will be a 
little bit below the second quarter, is that right? 

<A - William Jellison>: That's a true statement, yes. 

<Q - Larry Marsh>: Okay. And then with that change, are you then giving us what the calculated internal growth 
rates would be by region? 

<A - William Jellison>: The regional growth rates we gave you today are the new ones under the new calculation. 

<Q - Larry Marsh>: For the second quarter, or that's – those are ...? 

<A - William Jellison>: Those are for the second quarter, and in the first quarter the impact would have all been on 
Europe and rest of the world, because it had no impact on US growth rates, this little anomaly we had in that 
calculation. 

<Q - Larry Marsh>: Okay. So the calculated growth rates would be – okay got it. And again, you're confirming 
full-year internal growth rates 5.5 to 6.5%. So, then in the US market, you're saying excluding the two callouts, roughly 
3%, which you'd highlight focuses a bit on the specialty business. You're calling out orthodontics and implants as 
growing nicely. So, are we led to believe then in your Endontics business is what's seeing the biggest impact there, or 
am I misreading that? 

<A - Bret Wise>: No, I think that the rest of the categories, the broad consumable category, which we answered a 
question on earlier, is a little bit slower. Endo's a little bit slower. 

<Q - Larry Marsh>: Sure. 

<A - Bret Wise>: So there are numerous categories that would fall in that area. 

<Q - Larry Marsh>: Okay. And just anecdotally then, again it sounds like you're saying you don't see a big change in 
behavior, but based on what you had anticipated, it's just a little bit longer of a selling cycle or just a little bit more 
cautious of purchasing in certain categories, based on the feedback you're getting from customers? 


<A - Bret Wise>: Well, the feedback we're getting, in just the US market, is that dealers are probably cautious with 
their inventory levels. We think that dentists, including the specialists, are probably more cautious about their inventory 
levels. And, anecdotally, we think that dental visits have slowed just a little bit. So we think the market's still in pretty 
good shape. I mean, our guess is that the market's growing maybe 3 points faster than GDP, or ForEx GDP let's say, 
which is kind of reflective of what you normally see in the dental market. So, we think it's still a good market and it's 
one we're going to invest in here in second half, so we're happy with that. 

<Q - Larry Marsh>: Right. So, based on your knowledge of the market, you're saying that the consumer behavior is 
not, so far as you can tell, is not any different than what you would have expected in past economic slowdowns; and 
you haven't gotten any real callouts, even by region, where you've seen any real change in behavior versus your 
expectations? Is that a fair assessment? 

<A - Bret Wise>: I'll confirm that. That's correct. Yes. 

<Q - Larry Marsh>: Okay. All right. And then just a follow up, I think with Jeff's earlier question about Europe, 
where you continue to see robust growth. You've sold us before, and I think over there you're taking share in that 
market. But it sounds like you're basically saying – well, am I hearing you correct in saying you say that that market 
growth, excluding your share gains, is still pretty good in all of the markets you're tracking over in Europe? Is that 
right? 

<A - Bret Wise>: It is, yeah. 

<Q - Larry Marsh>: And again, so it doesn't sound like you are overly cautious to think that there's going to be a big 
change in that growth rate similar to the caution you had given us six months ago in the US market. Is that right, or do 
you really think there could be a slowdown in Europe? 

<A - Bret Wise>: Well, again, predicting what's going to happen in the economy in Europe is really ... 

<Q - Larry Marsh>: Because there is so many ... 

<A - Bret Wise>: We rely on the experts from your firm for that, actually. 

<Q - Larry Marsh>: Good luck. 

<A - Bret Wise>: But we do – and Europe doesn't operate really as one community. Within the community, we're 
watching very closely what's happening in the German economy. 

<Q - Larry Marsh>: Yes. 

<A - Bret Wise>: We've heard things about the Spanish economy, et cetera, et cetera. But in total, our business is 
really performing quite well there. And we're not – we don't have blinders on, we're watching it very closely to see 
what emerges and we can react to it if we see changes. But at this point, we don't see many changes occurring. 

<Q - Larry Marsh>: Right. I mean it's fair to say that in some of those markets, it's going to be based more on 
government reimbursement as opposed to big changes in consumer behavior or is that – I guess it's very 
market-specific? 

<A - Bret Wise>: It's very market specific, yes. 

<Q - Larry Marsh>: Okay. And then finally, the rest of the world and Japan, again a good growth there. So, is it fair 
to say that in all other markets, no change in trend as you can tell, or no change in trend anticipated based on all the 
feedback you've gotten? 

<A - Bret Wise>: Yeah, I mean, we had a great quarter in those markets and I would say we're quite optimistic. 

<Q - Larry Marsh>: Okay. All right, very good. Thank you. 

<A - Bret Wise>: Okay. Thank you, Larry. 


Operator 

And there are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Wise for any 
additional or closing remarks. 

Bret W. Wise, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Yeah. Well, thank you, Nikki, and thank you all this morning for joining us on our call. We're confident and satisfied 
with the direction of the company and believe we have the right strategies in place to further capitalize on what, to us, 
is a very attractive global dental market. And we're particularly pleased to be raising earnings guidance for 2008, 
reflecting both the strong first half of the year for us and our expectations for the second half. We look forward to 
update you – updating you on our progress as we move to the back half of 2008. Thank you. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now 
disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2008, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


