Q3 2007 Earnings Call 


Participants 

• Bret W. Wise, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President 
• Christopher T. Clark, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer 
• William R. Jellison, Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, everyone, and welcome to today's DENTSPLY International Third Quarter 2007 Earnings Release 
Conference Call. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. For opening remarks and introductions, I would 
now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Bret Wise, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer. Please go 
ahead, sir. 

Bret W. Wise, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President 

Okay. Thank you, Regina, and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us for our third quarter earnings 
conference call. This is Bret Wise, Chairman and CEO. And also with us today are Chris Clark, our Executive Vice 
President and Chief Operating Officer, and Bill Jellison, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. 

I'd like to begin the call today with some brief overview comments regarding our performance in the third quarter and 
also update you on a few strategic matters. Chris Clark is then going to give you an update on our new product 
introductions in our pipeline. 

And Bill Jellison will then provide a more detailed discussion of the financial performance and the financial statements 
included in the release. And of course, following our formal remarks, we'd be glad to answer any questions that you 
may have. 

Before we get started, it's important to note that this conference call may include forward-looking statements, involving 
risks and uncertainties. And these should be considered in conjunction with the risk factors and the uncertainties 
described in the company's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, our subsequent periodic reports on Form 10-Q, 
our press releases, and our conference call transcripts, all of which have been filed with the SEC. 

This conference call in its entirety will be part of an 8-K filing that will be available on our website either later this 
week or early next week. 

So by now, each of you should have received our third quarter earnings release announcement that was released to the 
market, after the market closed last night. If for some reason you haven't received that, it is available on our website. 

We're pleased to report record sales and earnings for the third quarter. Reported sales for the quarter were 488.1 
million, which is a 12.0% increase compared to the 2006 quarter. Excluding precious metal content, sales were 445.3 
million, which is a 12.8% increase compared to the 2006 quarter. 

The increase in sales, ex-precious metal, of 12.8% was comprised of internal organic growth of 6.0%, acquisitions 
added 2.9%, and foreign exchange added 3.9%. Our internal growth rate for the third quarter was led by all three of our 
specialty businesses, which grew double-digit. 


Implant, once again, led the way with worldwide internal growth rate of approximately 20%. And during the third 
quarter, we also saw continued improvement in our prosthetics or lab business, particularly in the United States, 
building on the momentum that we had experienced in the second quarter of this year. 

The geographic breakdown of the internal growth in the quarter, excluding precious metals, was the US was 3.2%, 
Europe was 7.2%, and the rest of the world category was 10.4%. Overall, we're very pleased with what continues to be 
growth above that of the global dental market in most of the categories in which we compete. 

In the US, we saw a continuation of our strong growth trend in implants building on what we had experienced really 
throughout this year, and orthodontics also continued with double-digit growth in the region. And of course, as I 
mentioned earlier, the lab business also picked up very nicely for the US market. 

In the consumables category, you'll recall that late last September -- September 2006, we'd announced our strategic 
partnership with our key distributors in the United States. This partnership initiative included a significant reduction in 
the number of dealers in the US carrying our products. 

To date, we remain very pleased with how the implementation has gone. And although it has dampened our growth in 
these categories in the US this year, we view it as a very important investment in the future. 

You may recall that at the time of the announcement last year, we allowed our discontinued dealers to both buy ahead 
of our October 1 price increase and also permitted them to buy 60 days of inventory in the fourth quarter of 2006. 
Accordingly, we would have expected them to have had inventory to carry them through the first quarter of 2007 and 
possibly into the second quarter of 2007. 

So from our perspective, of course, this means that the initiative will anniversary in the fourth quarter this year. And we 
believe we'll begin to see acceleration of growth in this consumable category in the US this quarter, meaning the fourth 
quarter of 2007, and then extending into 2008. 

In Europe, we continue to experience rapid growth with internal growth for the quarter at 7.2%, really consistent with 
the very strong performance we've turned in over the entire year. Overall, we had a very strong performance in the 
quarter of all three of our specialty areas, including implants, orthodontics and endodontics. 

In the rest of the world category, we continue to see high demand levels for our products in most regions and 
experienced double-digit growth in Asia Pacific, Latin America, Canada, the Middle East, Australia, and 
mid-single-digit growth in Japan. 

One of our key initiatives is to fully leverage the investments that we've made and the resulting strength of our global 
platform. We've seen results accelerate in many markets, as our businesses fully leverage that platform. 

And, in addition, we're experiencing very good results in developing markets despite having implemented stronger 
processes earlier this year to reduce the risk that our products could be gray-marketed back into the developed markets, 
particularly the United States and Europe. 

From an earnings perspective, we generated $0.42 per diluted share in the quarter, which was up 35% on a pure GAAP 
reporting basis. On a non-GAAP reporting basis, which excludes tax adjustments and the restructuring and other costs 
line in the income statement, we generated $0.39 per diluted share in the third quarter compared to $0.33 last year on 
that same non-GAAP basis, or an 18.7% improvement year-over-year. 

On this same non-GAAP basis, operating margins were 19.6% in the third quarter of this year, which is virtually the 
same as last year. I view this positively, as the recent acquisitions probably negatively impacted the overall operating 
margin by 20 to 30 basis points in the third quarter. 

We should improve on that, as we integrate the acquisitions and begin to realize the sales and marketing and, of course, 
the cost synergies coming forth from those acquisitions. And, as promised, throughout this year, we would expect to 
begin to see some improvement in operating margin in the fourth quarter of this year and extending into 2008. 


Before covering the outlook, I'd like to comment just a moment on our business development activities this year. To 
date, in 2007, we have completed five acquisitions, three in the second quarter and two this quarter. 

Most of these transactions were for small companies. However, they're still very meaningful to us, as they provide us 
with cost and product synergies, new technology platforms, or sales and marketing reach, which will improve our 
ability to fully serve the global dental market. 

The Sultan acquisition, of course, was a larger transaction and was completed in the third quarter. We're working very 
closely with the Sultan management team to maximize the market reach for Sultan and finding ways that we can 
improve both organizations. To date, we're very early in that process, but we have found that the transaction has very 
solid upside potential. 

In total this year, we have deployed approximately $100 million in capital for all five acquisitions, and we're 
encouraged by the additional opportunities we see in the marketplace. 

You may recall that our strategy is to grow above market organically and to add 3 to 4 points of growth per year in 
acquisitions to achieve double-digit overall growth over the long term. And, given our experience this year and a view 
towards the pipeline, we view that as a reasonable expectation moving forward. 

Looking at the remainder of this year. The outlook remains very positive for reaching our full year objectives. You may 
recall that at the end of the second quarter, we raised our internal growth target range to 6 to 7% from this year, and that 
was up from our earlier guidance of 5 to 6%. 

And, we also commented at that time that we expected sales towards the lower end of that range in the third quarter and 
the upper end in the fourth quarter. The third quarter came in very close to what our expectations were and we can 
reaffirm our expectations for the full year at 6 to 7% organic growth, and we would expect to be towards the upper end 
of that range in the fourth quarter. 

Likewise, we came in a little stronger on the earnings side than we had expected in the third quarter and are increasing 
our full year earnings per share guidance to $1.62 to $1.66 per diluted share. And that's up from our earlier guidance of 
$1.60 to $1.64 per diluted share. And again, that's on the non-GAAP basis, excluding tax adjustments and the 
restructuring and other cost line item. 

So, this reflects earnings per share growth, excluding these items, in the mid to high teens for the full year. And, 
consistent with our practice, we'll provide you with guidance on 2008 when we announce our full year results for 2007, 
which will likely be scheduled in early February of next year. 

So, that concludes my comment, and I'd now like to turn the call over to Chris Clark for a review of our new product 
pipeline. Chris? 

Christopher T. Clark, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer 

Thank you, Bret, and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us on our call this morning. I'd like to take a few 
moments and provide you an update of our innovation efforts and to highlight some of the recent new key new product 
introductions. 

In short, we continue to be active on the innovation front and introduced five new products during the third quarter, 
which brings our total for the year to 26. I'd like to highlight, in particular, a few of our recent introductions. 

First, at the recent American Dental Association show last month, our endodontic business launched the GT series X 
files using the new breakthrough M-Wire technology. Now, this product incorporates intellectual properties that we 
acquired as a part of the Sportswire acquisition last quarter. And it's nickel titanium rotary endodontic file that has 
greater resistance to cyclical fatigue and more flexibility really than traditional nickel titanium files. This unique file 
design improves the cutting efficiency, and it simplifies the procedure for dentists. It's received a very positive reaction 
from the opinion leader network and really is the next generation of nickel titanium rotary endodontic instruments. 


I'd also like to highlight two recent new products on the consumable side of the business. Lasting Touch is a 
photocurable resin-based material that is used to seal and polish a composite restoration. This is really the first liquid -first 
real liquid polisher that provides faster and easier polishing techniques for the dentists and also delivers a glossy 
final restoration. 

We also introduced Aquasil B4, which is an adjunct to our very successful Aquasil line of impression materials. B4 is a 
wetting agent that the dentist uses before taking the impression that minimizes voids in the bubbles and yields an even 
more accurate impression. 

This product is particularly helpful in difficult clinical cases and provides the dentists greater comfort that their 
impression is accurate regardless of the complexity of the case. Customer reaction to both Lasting Touch and B4 has 
been extremely positive as well. 

Looking ahead, we have several significant new product introductions in the pipeline, including new products for two 
of our businesses that arises from our relationship with Materialise Dental. And overall, we continue to be very 
encouraged by the progress of our innovation efforts. 

I'd now like to turn the call over to Bill Jellison, our Chief Financial Officer, to review the financial results for the 
quarter in more detail. Bill? 

William R. Jellison, Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President 

Good morning, everyone. As Bret mentioned, net sales for the third quarter of 2007 increased by 12% in total and 
increased by 12.8%, excluding precious metals. The sales increase ex-precious metals for the quarter included a 6% 
increase from internal growth, 2.9% from acquisitions, and a 3.9% increase from foreign exchange translation. 

The geographic mix of sales ex-precious metals in the third quarter of 2007 included the US at 43.4%, Europe and CIS 
represented 35.3% this year, and the rest of the world was 21.2% of sales. The stronger Euro this year compared to last 
year not only benefited sales growth, but also had a slight positive impact on earnings. 

Gross margins as a percent of sales ex-precious metals in the third quarter were 56.8% compared to 57.7% in the third 
quarter of 2006. Margin rates were impacted in the quarter by lower margins in recently completed acquisitions and 
from negative purchase price variances occurring from the weakness in the dollar. 

These exchange rate purchase price variances for DENTSPLY typically move in the opposite direction from earnings 
translation movements, and it is also why we are typically impacted more on the top line than we are on the bottom line 
from exchange movements. 

SG&A expenses were $165.7 million in the third quarter and increased 11.6% versus prior year, reflecting the negative 
impact of a weak dollar and expenses associated with recent acquisitions. 

Expenses as a percent of sales improved in the period, representing 37.2% of sales ex-precious metals in the third 
quarter of 2007 versus 37.6% in last year's third quarter. We expect this leverage improvement to continue in the fourth 
quarter, as we continue to benefit from our improving sales. 

Operating margins for the quarter were 16.9% compared to 18% in the third quarter of last year. And operating margins 
based on sales excluding precious metals were 18.5% compared to 19.9% last year in the same period. On a non-GAAP 
basis, excluding restructurings and other costs, operating margins based on sales excluding precious metals for 
comparative purposes were 19.6% in both the third quarter of 2007 and 2006. 

As we look forward, we expect operating margins based on sales excluding precious metals, excluding restructuring 
and other costs, to be flat to slightly favorable for the full year when compared to 2006, including the impact from 
acquisitions, which depressed the ratio slightly. 


Net interest and other expense in the third quarter was 0.7 million, which is an increase in expense of 0.7 million 
compared to last year's third quarter. Net interest expense increased by $1.1 million in the quarter, and other expenses 
decreased by $0.4 million. The increase in interest expense is associated with the recently completed acquisitions and 
stock buybacks to-date. 

The corporate tax rate in the quarter was 19.7% compared to 37% in the third quarter of 2006. The year-to-date 
operational tax rate, excluding restructuring and other costs as well as tax-related adjustments, is 30.4%. 

A favorable tax-related adjustment of $7.8 million occurred in the third quarter. This adjustment resulted primarily 
from the deferred tax impact of a German tax rate change, which becomes effective January 1, 2008. This change 
reduces Germany's overall corporate tax rate to roughly 30% from approximately 39% currently. We are also expecting 
a future operational tax benefit beginning in 2008, from both this change and a global business project, which is 
currently under way. 

Net income in the third quarter of 2007 was $65.7 million, or $0.42 per diluted share, compared to $49.4 million, or 
$0.31 per diluted share in the third quarter of 2006. Earnings excluding restructuring and other costs, and income 
tax-related adjustments, which constitute a non-GAAP measure, were $61 million, or $0.39 per share in 2007, 
compared to $52.2 million, or $0.33 per diluted share in the third quarter of 2006. This represents an 18.7% increase in 
earnings per diluted share on an adjusted non-GAAP basis for the third quarter of 2007. 

Acquisitions, including Sultan Healthcare, added nearly 3% to growth in the third quarter, and were neutral to earnings 
for the third quarter. We expect these acquisitions to also be neutral to earnings in the fourth quarter and slightly 
accretive in 2008. 

Cash flow from operating activities was $102 million in the third quarter of 2007, compared to $67 million in the same 
period last year. This represents an increase of 52% compared to last year's third quarter. Year-to-date operating cash 
flow is $257 million, or 61% higher than the 159 million in the same period last year. The first quarter of 2006, 
however, included $23 million of cash outflow for the tax payment associated with the repatriation of foreign earnings 
made in the fourth quarter of 2005. 

Adjusting for this cash outflow in 2006, operating cash flow would still have increased by 41% year-to-date. Capital 
expenditures were $38 million year-to-date, with depreciation and amortization of $37 million in the period. 

Inventory days were 106 at the end of the third quarter of 2007, compared to 98 days at the end of the third quarter last 
year, and 96 days at the end of 2006. Inventory was built to increase stock of implant and orthodontic products to meet 
the increasing demand. Also approximately four days of the related -- four days relate to the impact of the weakening 
dollar. We currently expect inventory levels though to improve to 95 to 100 days by year-end. 

Receivable days were 60 days at the end of the third quarter in 2007, compared to 61 days at the end of the third quarter 
of 2006. At the end of the third quarter of 2007, we had $260 million in cash and short-term investments. Total debt 
was 503 million at the end of the third quarter. 

DENTSPLY has repurchased 2.5 million shares for $88 million at an average price of $35.49 so far in 2007. Based on 
the company's current authorization to maintain up to 14 million shares of treasury stock, we still have approximately 

2.5 million shares available for repurchase. 
Finally, as Bret noted, we are increasing our full-year earnings guidance to $1.62 to $1.66 per diluted share, excluding 
income tax-related adjustments, and restructuring and other costs. 

That concludes our prepared remarks. Thanks for your support. And, we would be glad to answer any questions you 
may have at this time. 

Q&A 

Operator 


[Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Jon Wood with Banc of America Securities. 

<Q>: Thanks. This is Brandon Coulliard in for John. Any economic-related impact to your specialty business? Is that 
something that worries you? 

<A - Bret Wise>: Well, Brandon, good morning, and that's a good question. And there has been a lot of dialogue about 
this recently, particularly as it relates to the implant market. I think if you look at dentistry, it's not immune to economic 
conditions, although, it's somewhat resistant to economic conditions, and so for most of our products, they might move 
slightly with the economy, but not a lot. In the very specialized area, meaning the highly esthetic products, or perhaps 
implants, which has been the focus of a lot of discussion recently in this area, those are expensive procedures, many 
times they're not reimbursed so they come out of your discretionary income. And I would think that they would be 
somewhat subject to economic swings, or more subject than perhaps our consumable category. 

We haven't seen a big impact so far from the dialogue about the potential for a recession in the United States, for 
instance, on our implant business, and in fact our implant business in the United States is growing rapidly. But again, 
we're probably not the best proxy to measure that because we have a small implant business here with a lot of sales and 
marketing resources, so we would expect it to grow above market. So, I think there is an element of that but I don't 
think it's an overriding consideration, particularly for a business like ours that is very diverse with respect to product 
categories and very diverse with respect to geographic regions. So, we typically, when we see one product or one 
category underperform or one region underperform, we generally have another region that outperforms and counteracts 
it. 

<Q>: Thanks. And did you take a price increase at the beginning of October? And, what proportion of the products in 
the portfolio were raised? 

<A - Bret Wise>: We do, do price increases throughout the year, but we have kind of a concentration of products there 
where we raise prices October 1. Most notably, all the consumable categories in the United States that go through 
distribution, we raise those prices October 1 annually, and we just last year got all the businesses to October 1 so that 
we can have a consistent trend year-over-year. So yes, we do do price increases and October 1 is the most important 
date. 

<Q>: Great. Thanks. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question will come from Steven Postal with Lehman Brothers. 

<Q - Steven Postal>: Thanks and good morning. 

<A - Bret Wise>: Good morning. 

<A - William Jellison>: Good morning. 

<Q - Steven Postal>: Can you go through the -- I apologize if you already mentioned this, can you go through the 
dollar amount impact from the inventory step-up, and intangible amortizations consultant? 

<A - William Jellison>: Yes, we didn't break down the exact amount of it. Actually, it was much less than what we 
were originally kind of expecting on it and that's why we said our impact on the Sultan acquisition in aggregate was 
really neutral to earnings in the third quarter. 

<Q - Steven Postal>: Okay. And then I think you mentioned the -- I think, Bret, maybe you said it was 30 basis points 
margin impact? 

<A - Bret Wise>: Yes, the comment I had made earlier, Steven, was that the impact on our overall operating margin in 
the third quarter was, from acquisitions, was a negative 20 to 30 basis points. 


<Q - Steven Postal>: Okay. And then a question on your US trends, it sounds to me like you believe you're still being 
impacted by some of the changes you made last year in the distribution program. Can you maybe elaborate in terms of 
what may be going on there? Is the gray market impacting that organic growth number? And can you just clarify where 
you are anticipating growth in the US business in the short term? 

<A - Christopher Clark>: Yes, Steven, it's Chris. I will take that one. In short, given the fact that we discontinued 
dealers, over 200 dealers, we knew we were going to have a headwind really for a good chunk of really most of the first 
year that we introduced. We're coming up on that anniversary, obviously. We continue to believe that we're making 
significant progress in terms of converting customers to our retained distributor network. At this point, we maintain the 
majority of the at-risk customers and we're working real closely with the continuing dealers in really a level of 
partnership that we never had with them before. 

In terms of gray market, that we commented on that in particular, in the previous calls, and that continues to be a key 
issue and a key focus area for us. We're continuing to put a lot of resources against that. And, I think we're making 
really some progress with that. The focus really on our end includes not only pricing but also packaging, labeling and 
branding solutions. As well, we're working very closely to monitor particular international dealers that we have 
concerns about. And I mentioned on the, excuse me, on the call last quarter, three international distributors we 
discontinued in the second quarter. This quarter as well, we discontinued additional dealers that had been set up really 
to supply Israel, Tunisia, Algeria and Morocco, that in fact we were concerned were engaging in gray market activities 
far beyond those countries. So again, that is one that we continue to put resources on. It continues to be something 
where we're focused on, but I think we're making some progress against it. 

<Q - Steven Postal>: Okay. Thanks a lot. 

Operator 

Next, with Baird, we will hear from Jeff Johnson. 

<Q - Jeff Johnson>: Good morning, guys. Can you hear me, okay? 

<A - Christopher Clark>: Yes. Got you fine. 

<A - Bret Wise>: Good morning, Jeff. 

<Q - Jeff Johnson>: Good morning. Just wondered if you could update us, Bret, maybe on the training level or the 
cross-training level if you will of the orthodontic and endodontic and implant guys? I think we were close to 70% as of 
your analyst meeting. Is that still moving up? And is that, was dental implant growth this quarter in the US again 
approaching at 20% or north of that 20% number we saw in Q2? 

<A - Bret Wise>: Sure, I will give you an update on that. And for those that aren't completely familiar with this, at the 
beginning of this year we merged our implant and endodontics sales forces in the US to bring forth to the market kind 
of a value package that allowed us to serve what we call the full life cycle of the tooth out of one sales bag. 
Endodontically treating a tooth or doing an implant when it is required. It encompassed a significant training effort and 
investment of funds to bring the endodontic sales force up to the level of training necessary to do implant sales. And 
likewise, to bring the implant sales force up to the level of training necessary to do endodontic sales, which is rotary 
endodontics, it's kind of like surgery. That progress has gone very well. As you mentioned in mid-September, we were 
at 70% proficiency, it has ticked up a bit since then. And we're getting to the point where we need some very specific 
training for some specific folks, but not nearly the broad-based training that we had to encompass this year. So I think it 
has gone very well, implant growth in the US was over 20% in the quarter again, which we view as favorable given 
some of the benchmarks we get from other implant companies in this market. And again, we view that initiative very 
positively, and on track to accomplish the objectives that we set forth about a year ago when we implemented it. 

<Q - Jeff Johnson>: Great. And then as we look into the fourth quarter, Bret, obviously a lot of moving parts with the 
anniversary of the distributor reorg, as you talked about. But with moving all of the price increases to October 1, and so 


presumably a little bit bigger maybe buy-in this year at the end of Q3 as opposed to prior years. I just wanted to make 
sure I am hearing you correctly, that Q4 we should see a tick-up in organic growth the US? 

<A - Bret Wise>: Yes, and the movement of the price increases was actually last year. Last year, we moved the last 
large division to October 1. And we did it at the same time we implemented that strategic partnership with our key 
dealers in the US. So, we had our key dealers buying ahead of that price increase last year and the discontinued dealers 
buying ahead of that price increase last year. And I think the message I wanted to send this morning was that, it will 
anniversary in the fourth quarter. So, in the fourth quarter last year, the discontinued dealers could only buy two months 
of inventory. So, we should begin to see an uptick in internal growth coming from a comparison issue there, as well as 
our better execution on the partnership with our dealers this year. But the price increase issue was the same 
year-over-year this year. They were October 1 last year and they are October 1 this year. 

<Q - Jeff Johnson>: Okay, great. My misunderstanding, thanks for the clarity. And Bill, I guess last couple of 
questions for you, '08 tax rate then, you alluded to it, should we be thinking a 50 basis point, 100 basis point 
year-over-year decline in '08? Is that fair? Or, is that going to be too big? 

<A - William Jellison>: We haven't given any kind of outlook on that tax rate at this point, Jeff. I think, from -- we are 
absolutely targeting to continue to make some improvements in that area, both because of the German situation, as well 
as because of the global project that we're working on internally. I think we will talk more specifically on that when we 
really give guidance for next year. 

<Q - Jeff Johnson>: Fair enough. If I heard your comments, though, correctly, bias could be to the downside? 

<A - William Jellison>: I wouldn't expect that it would be higher than this year, that's a true statement. 

<Q - Jeff Johnson>: Okay, fair enough. And again, not trying to at '08 guidance or I'm trying to without going directly 
at it anyway, I guess. The deals you've done, five deals thus far. The corporate goals you guys talk about at 5 to 6% 
internal growth, and 4 to 5% acquisition growth and then EPS growth maybe a couple of points above that, have those 
five deals that have been done this year, are they sizable enough to kind of get you into that corporate goal range if you 
will? 

<A - Bret Wise>: Well, I think the five transactions we did this year were meaningful and important to us. And as I 
mentioned, they grew -- they contributed about 3% growth to the third quarter. So that can accelerate a little bit going 
forward, because at least one of those technologies, one of those acquisitions was a pure technology play. And so, we 
would expect it to start to contribute going forward. But, I think what I would emphasize is we believe we can get to 
those goals, but we're not done yet. We're continuing to work on this. We would expect more acquisition activity, both 
-- perhaps, this year. It is hard to nail the timing down to just a couple of months left in the year, but going into 2008, 
we would expect more acquisition growth. And we're encouraged by both what we see in the marketplace and our 
ability to execute on it. So, we view that goal as a reasonable expectation at this point. 

<Q - Jeff Johnson>: All right. That's all I've got, guys. Thanks much. 

<A - William Jellison>: Thanks, Jeff. 

<A - Bret Wise>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question will come from Anthony Ostrea with JMP Securities. 

<Q - Anthony Ostrea>: Hi, good morning, guys. 

<A - Bret Wise>: Good morning, Anthony. 

<Q - Anthony Ostrea>: Maybe just piggybacking on the acquisition kind of pipeline question right here. Bret, it seems 
like, at least for this quarter, or this conference call, you sound a little more forceful or optimistic about being able to 


secure or to do much more deals than the past. Maybe can you qualify those comments, maybe give us more color on 
how big that pipeline is right now? Maybe either in terms of the number of companies you're looking at, dollar amount, 
or timing perhaps? 

<A - Bret Wise>: That's always hard to do, and I would really rather not do that. What I would say at this point is that, 
we added resources to our business development group at the beginning of this year. And throughout this year, we've 
been much more focused on networking and targeting companies that we think would contribute to our growth, our 
global reach, our technology base, et cetera. And we've been encouraged by the number of companies that make it 
through that screen. Executing on transactions, of course, always requires a lot of investment in time. You got to make 
sure the culture of the two companies are right and that the synergy expectations are reasonable. 

And I guess my message today was that now having spent nine, 10 months on this area, after having put more resources 
towards this area of our business, we're encouraged by what we see. So, we would expect that we would continue to be 
acquisitive going forward. At the investor meeting in mid-September in New York, we stated that our target is to 
reinvest about 75% of our cash flow in growth, which of course includes acquisitions as a major component of that. 
And so that's our target, and we think it is a reasonable expectation. 

<Q - Anthony Ostrea>: Okay. And then maybe, Bill, in terms of acquisitions and impact on margin, I know you said, 
or maybe it was Bret, it was a 20 to 30 basis point impact this quarter. When might we see, at one point, which quarter, 
might we see the impact of those acquisitions becoming neutral, so to speak? 

<A - William Jellison>: Well, first off, Anthony, the impact from the acquisitions is totally dependent upon the type of 
acquisition that it is, the business that it is in, and also what kind of margin levels that it is at. Keep in mind, for 
example, when we acquired Sultan Healthcare, which was obviously the largest acquisition that we did this year, we 
stated that about two-thirds of the products that they currently sell are actually manufactured outside of Sultan. And so 
obviously, we'd expect, and you should expect, that the margins on that business would be less than they would be on 
average for DENTSPLY. That does not mean that other typical acquisitions that we would be doing, maybe not only at 
but maybe above the overall margin rates that we have for an organization. And I think on average, we would expect 
that acquisitions, other than in the first probably quarter of when inventory step-up would occur, would typically be not 
only accretive for us moving forward, but should at least be at kind of the same margin rate levels that we have as an 
organization. 

<A - Bret Wise>: I would expand on that, Anthony, just by saying it takes a while to get the synergies, both in terms of 
growing the acquired business, and finding the ways that you can share resources to make both businesses stronger. It 
takes a while. So we're still at the infancy of that, and as we noted in our comments earlier, we would expect operating 
margin expansion for the whole business to start in the fourth quarter. 

<Q - Anthony Ostrea>: Okay. And maybe just -- Bill you mentioned that like say for Sultan, two-thirds of products 
are being manufactured outside of Sultan. Are there plans, I guess, right now to bring that in-house? 

<A - Bret Wise>: This is Bret, actually. In the dental industry, we find in many instances that outsourcing production is 
actually a favorable strategy. It is a useful strategy, particularly if the equipment, if the install base of the equipment's 
are already there. So there may be occasions where we want to insource some of that manufacturing but I would not 
characterize that as the main – a main strategic element to use when we integrate Sultan. I think their supplier base is a 
very good supplier base and they serve the company well, and we would expect that that would largely continue. 

<Q - Anthony Ostrea>: And two last questions. One on FX. If I heard you correctly, Bill, I think you said that the 
impact the FX in the quarter on margins was minimal, I believe. Can you just clarify that, if I had that correctly? And if 
rates actually turn against you on the top line, can you comment on the impact of FX on margins? 

<A - William Jellison>: Sure. The comment that I made there, Anthony, was really that FX, obviously we get full 
impact of FX translation on the top line. But we've typically stated in the past, as well, too, that we don't get that same 
level of impact on the bottom side, because we've got more natural hedges in the business as far as where we're 
producing products, and how that's going back and forth. So in this case, as the dollar -- while the dollar is weak, we 
actually get favorable translation side benefiting us, but on the operating margin side, we are actually purchasing in a 


few additional products, especially from the European market out of our Swiss locations and German locations, that 
actually have a negative impact as far as FX is concerned, through our purchase price variances in our gross margin 
areas. But, right now, netting both the translation and the impact from the PPV side of the equation of, we're still 
getting a slightly favorable bottom line impact from FX today. 

<Q - Anthony Ostrea>: Okay. And, then last question, just on your specialty products, I think you broke out ortho and 
implants in the US. Can you maybe just comment on endo in the US? 

<A - Bret Wise>: Sure. Endo, I would characterize as a more mature market in the US compared to implants and 
orthodontics. And I think our comment was that in the US market, both implants and orthodontics grew double digits 
and we didn't comment on endo. 

<Q - Anthony Ostrea>: Okay. Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question will come from Greg Halter with Great Lakes Review. 

<Q - Greg Halter>: Good morning, guys. 

<A - Bret Wise>: Good morning 

<A - William Jellison>: Good morning, Greg. 

<Q - Greg Halter>: You mentioned that there has been five acquisitions so far in 2007. I know you've talked about 
four of them. Can you briefly discuss the fifth one? 

<A - William Jellison>: Sure. It was a small acquisition of an implant distribution business in Europe. So we didn't 
comment on it because it was a small transaction, a small company, but still important to the area, the region of Europe 
that we were targeting. So that was the nature of it. So I would characterize it this year is we've done four small 
transactions and then a larger transaction in Sultan. 

<Q - Greg Halter>: Okay. And on capital spending, do you have your thoughts there for 2007 and maybe a look into 
'08 as well? 

<A - William Jellison>: Sure. From 2007's perspective, you can see kind of how we've run on a year-to-date basis, 
we're around 37, 38, I think that we will be a little bit stronger on a run rate in the fourth quarter than we were for the 
first three months. Our expectation is that we will be somewhere in probably the -- approximately the $60 million range 
in total for this year, expectations kind of moving forward into next year should be more consistent with the growth 
levels off of that number for our expected internal growth. 

<Q - Greg Halter>: Okay. And with your net debt, I think at only around 14% of total capitalization and I know 
you've discussed the acquisition side of things, and that's always a timing issue. Can you give us your perspective on 
where you see the company going relative to the share repurchase, particularly given the 2.5 million shares you still 
have authorized to maintain up to 14 million? 

<A - William Jellison>: Sure. I think, that as we mentioned before, we constantly look at the stock buyback side. We 
also, obviously, take into account things that are taking place inside of the organization, and also kind of where our 
acquisition pipeline is. As I mentioned, we've got about 2.5 million shares, still available, under our authorization level. 
I would expect moving forward, even with both acquisitions, and the debt-to-cap position that we've got as an 
organization that you should absolutely expect that we would be repurchasing some additional shares, as we continue to 
move forward here. 

<Q - Greg Halter>: Okay. And one last one, do you have any target area where you think either debt to EBITDA, or 
debit-to-cap should be? 


<A - William Jellison>: We do have, we obviously have some overall guidelines within the company. I think from a 
perspective of looking at whether we would be doing buybacks along with some of our other activities on the 
acquisition front, I would say that if we're kind of at or below kind of that 25%-ish debt-to-cap level. More than likely 
you will see us be doing both of those activities, and not restricting ourselves to one. I would say as we're north of the 
25% debt-to-cap level there would be additional evaluations taken a look at based on how full our pipeline of 
acquisitions are. 

<A - Bret Wise>: Okay, I would elaborate on that just a bit, Greg. I think what we've said is that we want to be a 
strong investment grade credit. We kind of think of that as a BBB plus credit. We've also said kind of 35 to 40 debt to 
cap is a comfortable area for us. And we would like to keep some of our ratios of -- leverage ratio at two or below two, 
if possible. We're comfortable with all of those levels, although we would also stretch for a larger acquisition if it were 
strategic. 

<Q - Greg Halter>: Great, thank you very much. 

<A - Bret Wise>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question will come from Derek Leckow with Barrington Research. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: Thanks. Good morning and congratulations on a great quarter. 

<A - Bret Wise>: Thanks, Derrick. 

<A - William Jellison>: Thanks, Derrick. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: I just want to talk about your outlook for operating margin. Obviously with some of the unusual 
spending that was going on this year, to grow your sales forces and to train everybody, just wondering what part of that 
will be non-recurring and can you help me understand -- typically you guys have been targeting 50 basis points a year 
improvement. I guess, we will see a bigger improvement then in 2008? 

<A - Bret Wise>: Well, this is Bret. You're right. We typically target 30 to 50 basis points per year improvement. We 
kind of started out this year by saying, we were investing in certain areas to accelerate internal growth and we're 
pleased that that has been the outcome. Most of those investments, you need to understand, are in people and resources 
to support those businesses. So those are kind of ongoing investments, they won't go away. Although what we said is, 
we think we will grow into those investments, and thus will begin to see margin expansion late this year. We have been 
pretty consistent about that. And now, I think, we should see margin expansion in '08 as well. 

So, we're kind of staying with our target 30 to 50 basis points year, we think that is a good target for us and we can 
accomplish that. We haven't done that so far this year but we've been pretty forthright that it was due to those same 
investments you alluded to in your question. And I think going forward, we would now expect to see margin expansion 
again start to occur beginning in the fourth quarter this year, and moving on into '08. It's a little hard for us to give you 
more guidance than that at this point because we're in our budget process right now. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: That's helpful. I think it is important that we are going to see the rebound before an internal 
growth, and that helps leverage some of those costs, I guess. And then we, for next year we can set that kind of gauge 
what the level of increase will be in SG&A spending and price. It sounds like it will be more constant with this year as 
opposed to any kind of decrease? 

<A - Bret Wise>: Yes, I don't think you will see it go down, but it may not grow as fast as it has in the past and thus, 
we will get more leverage out of that line in the income statement. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: Okay, great. And my last question, on the orthodontics business, you are still growing double 
digits here, even despite a seasonally weaker period. And I'm wondering is this because the self-ligating brackets are 


now becoming standard of care? Or are you still seeing that as a premium technology that people trade up to? What's 
the status of the self-ligation out in the marketplace? 

<A - Christopher Clark>: Yeah, Derek it's Chris. We continue to see the self-ligating category grow and we continue 
to gain market share in that category. And obviously, as we have chatted previously it is a significant premium price. 
Our Innovation C product in particular, which is the all-ceramic self-ligating bracket continues to have very strong 
demand and that's really one of the key drivers in terms of the business results we're seeing. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: And what level of penetration would you estimate that you're currently at with that product? 

<A - Christopher Clark>: I think we've -- I think we got a long way to go yet, to be quite frank. Again, self-ligating is 
the minority in terms of the units in the market, and we've had a very good introduction, and we're getting not only 
upgrade, if you will, from traditional bracket cases, but also gaining competitive market share. But yeah, we're early in 
the game on this one. I think this will continue to be a growth area for us, a growth product for us as we look to 2008 
and beyond. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: So, the trade-off for the end-user is a third less time in terms of treatment time, but probably 
50% higher cost. Is that how I should think about that, or? 

<A - Bret Wise>: Yes, this is Bret. I think for the patient and the orthodontist, of course, you get an accelerated 
treatment time by about a third with self-ligation, you are right about that. And we've been able to do that for some time 
using an all metal bracket. The real key to Innovation C is that it's a highly esthetic bracket, so the patients love it. It 
still gives the clinician -- it doesn't sacrifice function or speed of treatment. So, the clinician gets what they want, and it 
has had very great acceptance in the marketplace. The opinion leaders like it. The docs like it. And the patients like it. 
So as Chris said, we think it has a long way to run. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: Okay. Thank you very much. 

<A - Bret Wise>: Thank you. 

Operator 

We have a follow-up question with Brandon from Banc of America Securities. 

<Q>: Thanks for taking my question. A conceptual one, I guess, on amalgam. Should we be focused on this issue as a 
potential driver for the company, and do you perceive any upcoming legislative events or otherwise that may canalize 
the transition from amalgam to composites in your restorative product line? 

<A - Bret Wise>: That's a very good question. And we've seen a slow trend of conversion of amalgam restorations to 
all composite restorations, really for a number of years. Occasionally, meaning every couple of years, it seems to -there 
seems to be something raises its head that challenges whether we should be using amalgam as an industry because 
of the -- there is a mercury content within amalgam, but it is encapsulated in the amalgam. Nevertheless, amalgam is 
still a very good product. My back teeth are full of them. And they've been there for 35 years and they're still 
functioning great. And we believe amalgam will be around for some time. Although, this slow but constant conversion 
to composites should probably continue, and that is an opportunity for us because our revenue generation per filling, 
per se if you will, is much higher with the composite than it is with amalgam. So, I think that will aid the industry and 
aid us, but it is going to be a slow and consistent conversion, not a -- I don't see it being a one-time event where 
amalgams just go away. 

<Q>: Thanks. 

<A - Bret Wise>: Thank you. 

Operator 


And it appears we have no further questions at this time. But I would like to give the audience one additional 
opportunity. [Operator Instructions] And there are no further questions at this time. Mr. Wise, I would like to turn the 
conference back over to you for closing remarks. 

Bret W. Wise, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President 

Okay. Thank you, Regina. And again, thank you, everyone, for joining us today for our third quarter report. We feel 
really good about our performance through the first three quarters of 2007. And we also feel like we're making good 
progress in our long-term strategic initiatives. Thank you again for your time this morning. And we look forward to 
updating you on our progress as we move into 2008. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. That does conclude today's conference call. We thank you all for your participation. Have a great day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2007, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


